The Project Gutenberg EBook of American Missionary, Vol. XXXIV., No. 5,
May 1880, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.



Title: American Missionary, Vol. XXXIV., No. 5, May 1880

Author: Various

Release Date: June 26, 2017 [EBook #54981]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK AMERICAN MISSIONARY ***




Produced by Joshua Hutchinson, KarenD, Wayne Hammond and
the Online Distributed Proofreading Team at
http://www.pgdp.net (This file was produced from images
generously made available by Cornell University Digital
Collections)









  VOL. XXXIV.          NO. 5.

  THE

  AMERICAN MISSIONARY.

       *       *       *       *       *

  “To the Poor the Gospel is Preached.”

       *       *       *       *       *

  MAY, 1880.




_CONTENTS_:


EDITORIAL.

  PARAGRAPHS                                                       129

  GEN. GRANT’S RECEPTION AT STRAIGHT UNIVERSITY                    132

  OLD NAILS WELL CLINCHED--THE CASE IN A NUT-SHELL                 133

  SOUTHERN NEGROES IN NEW YORK CITY--WOMAN’S
  HOME MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION                                      134

  EASTERN NORTH CAROLINA                                           135

  LE MOYNE INSTITUTE                                               136

  ANGLO-TURKISH CONVENTION FOR THE SUPPRESSION
    OF THE SLAVE-TRADE                                             137

  H. M. STANLEY ON THE CONGO                                       138

  JESUS SAT OVER AGAINST THE TREASURY--GRADATIONS,
    NATURAL AND HELPFUL                                            139

  ITEMS FROM THE FIELD                                             140


THE FREEDMEN.

  DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA--Lincoln Mission, Washington                141

  NORTH CAROLINA, WILMINGTON--Report of a Visitor                  141

  NORTH CAROLINA--Revivals in Raleigh                              142

  ALABAMA--Conference of Cong’l Churches                           143

     "     Sunday-school Convention                                145

     "     MONTGOMERY--Health-Talks, etc.                          145

  KENTUCKY--The Land and the People                                146


AFRICA.

  EXTRACT FROM A LETTER FROM PROF. CHASE                           148


THE INDIANS.

  INDIAN BOYS AT HAMPTON                                           149


THE CHINESE.

  CHAPTER OF ITEMS                                                 150


CHILDREN’S PAGE.

  ALBERT BURTON JOWETT                                             152

  RECEIPTS                                                         153

  CONSTITUTION                                                     157

  AIM, STATISTICS, WANTS                                           158

       *       *       *       *       *

  NEW YORK:

  Published by the American Missionary Association,

  ROOMS, 56 READE STREET.

       *       *       *       *       *

  Price, 50 Cents a Year, in advance.

  Entered at the Post Office at New York, N. Y., as second-class matter.




American Missionary Association,

56 READE STREET, N. Y.

       *       *       *       *       *


PRESIDENT.

  HON. E. S. TOBEY, Boston.


VICE-PRESIDENTS.

  Hon. F. D. PARISH, Ohio.
  Hon. E. D. HOLTON, Wis.
  Hon. WILLIAM CLAFLIN, Mass.
  ANDREW LESTER, Esq., N. Y.
  Rev. STEPHEN THURSTON, D. D., Me.
  Rev. SAMUEL HARRIS, D. D., Ct.
  WM. C. CHAPIN, Esq., R. I.
  Rev. W. T. EUSTIS, D. D., Mass.
  Hon. A. C. BARSTOW, R. I.
  Rev. THATCHER THAYER, D. D., R. I.
  Rev. RAY PALMER, D. D., N. J.
  Rev. EDWARD BEECHER, D. D., N. Y.
  Rev. J. M. STURTEVANT, D. D., Ill.
  Rev. W. W. PATTON, D. D., D. C.
  Hon. SEYMOUR STRAIGHT, La.
  HORACE HALLOCK, Esq., Mich.
  Rev. CYRUS W. WALLACE, D. D., N. H.
  Rev. EDWARD HAWES, D. D., Ct.
  DOUGLAS PUTNAM, Esq., Ohio.
  Hon. THADDEUS FAIRBANKS, Vt.
  SAMUEL D. PORTER, Esq., N. Y.
  Rev. M. M. G. DANA, D. D., Minn.
  Rev. H. W. BEECHER, N. Y.
  Gen. O. O. HOWARD, Oregon.
  Rev. G. F. MAGOUN, D. D., Iowa.
  Col. C. G. HAMMOND, Ill.
  EDWARD SPAULDING, M. D., N. H.
  DAVID RIPLEY, Esq., N. J.
  Rev. WM. M. BARBOUR, D. D., Ct.
  Rev. W. L. GAGE, D. D., Ct.
  A. S. HATCH, Esq., N. Y.
  Rev. J. H. FAIRCHILD, D. D., Ohio.
  Rev. H. A. STIMSON, Minn.
  Rev. J. W. STRONG, D. D., Minn.
  Rev. A. L. STONE, D. D., California.
  Rev. G. H. ATKINSON, D. D., Oregon.
  Rev. J. E. RANKIN, D. D., D. C.
  Rev. A. L. CHAPIN, D. D., Wis.
  S. D. SMITH, Esq., Mass.
  PETER SMITH, Esq., Mass.
  Dea. JOHN C. WHITIN, Mass.
  Hon. J. B. GRINNELL, Iowa.
  Rev. WM. T. CARR, Ct.
  Rev. HORACE WINSLOW, Ct.
  Sir PETER COATS, Scotland.
  Rev. HENRY ALLON, D. D., London, Eng.
  WM. E. WHITING, Esq., N. Y.
  J. M. PINKERTON, Esq., Mass.
  E. A. GRAVES, Esq., N. J.
  Rev. F. A. NOBLE, D. D., Ill.
  DANIEL HAND, Esq., Ct.
  A. L. WILLISTON, Esq., Mass.
  Rev. A. F. BEARD, D. D., N. Y.
  FREDERICK BILLINGS, Esq., Vt.
  JOSEPH CARPENTER, Esq., R. I.
  Rev. E. P. GOODWIN, D. D., Ill.
  Rev. C. L. GOODELL, D. D., Mo.
  J. W. SCOVILLE, Esq., Ill.
  E. W. BLATCHFORD, Esq., Ill.
  C. D. TALCOTT, Esq., Ct.
  Rev. JOHN K. MCLEAN, D. D., Cal.
  Rev. RICHARD CORDLEY, D. D., Kansas.


CORRESPONDING SECRETARY.

  REV. M. E. STRIEBY, D. D., _56 Reade Street, N. Y._


DISTRICT SECRETARIES.

  REV. C. L. WOODWORTH, _Boston_.
  REV. G. D. PIKE, _New York_.
  REV. JAS. POWELL, _Chicago_.

  H. W. HUBBARD, ESQ., _Treasurer, N. Y._
  REV. M. E. STRIEBY, _Recording Secretary_.


EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.

  ALONZO S. BALL,
  A. S. BARNES,
  GEO. M. BOYNTON,
  WM. B. BROWN,
  C. T. CHRISTENSEN,
  CLINTON B. FISK,
  ADDISON P. FOSTER,
  S. B. HALLIDAY,
  SAMUEL HOLMES,
  CHARLES A. HULL,
  EDGAR KETCHUM,
  CHAS. L. MEAD,
  WM. T. PRATT,
  J. A. SHOUDY,
  JOHN H. WASHBURN,
  G. B. WILLCOX.


COMMUNICATIONS

    relating to the work of the Association may be addressed to
    the Corresponding Secretary, those relating to the collecting
    fields to the District Secretaries; letters for the Editor of
    the “American Missionary,” to Rev. C. C. PAINTER, at
    the New York Office.


DONATIONS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS

may be sent to H. W. Hubbard, Treasurer, 56 Reade Street, New
York, or when more convenient, to either of the Branch Offices, 21
Congregational House, Boston, Mass., or 112 West Washington Street,
Chicago, Ill. A payment of thirty dollars at one time constitutes a
Life Member.




THE

AMERICAN MISSIONARY.

  VOL. XXXIV.       MAY, 1880.         NO. 5.




American Missionary Association.

       *       *       *       *       *


With this number, the AMERICAN MISSIONARY passes into the
hands of Rev. C. C. Painter, as Editor and Business Manager. Mr.
Painter was born in the South, educated at the North, where he was for
several years a pastor, and more recently a Professor of Theology in
Fisk University, and connected with its financial management. He brings
to the work a ripe scholarship, the pen of a ready writer, and a deep
interest in the varied work in which the Association is engaged.

The retirement of the Rev. Geo. M. Boynton, who, for several years,
has acted as Editor of the MISSIONARY, is felt to be a great
loss to the Association. His peculiar skill in editing, his facility
in writing, and his quick apprehension of current events bearing
on our work, enabled him to give to our magazine a freshness and
attractiveness it never before had attained. Mr. Boynton’s usefulness
as a member of our Executive Committee makes his loss to us the
greater. In his new pastorate in Jamaica Plain, Boston, he bears with
him the warmest affection and best wishes of the officers of the
Association.

       *       *       *       *       *

As we make our bow after the above graceful introduction by our honored
Senior Secretary, we are conscious that all eyes are turned regretfully
toward the departing, rather than hopefully to the incoming, Editor.
We are in the position similar to that of a new minister, who is
told as he makes his first pastoral visits, “We never expect to love
another pastor as we loved Mr. B.” We are glad for all that makes our
position difficult, and suggest as the only remedy for the loss the
MISSIONARY must otherwise sustain in the retirement of Mr.
Boynton, that all who feel it, shall make the appropriate effort to
prevent it. Let our teachers and missionaries understand, that they
must come to the rescue by prompt and faithful reports of every phase
of their work; giving us rich material from which to select what, from
our stand-point, appears _the_ thing to be said at any given time. Let
Pastors and Superintendents, and other co-laborers, feel that they
must stand between this work and loss, and double their diligence, and
quicken their zeal, in keeping their churches and schools informed
and interested; and, finally, let all who have
felt an impulse to _give_ more, show their appreciation of the late
Editor’s good work by such an increase of gifts, as shall meet the
urgent demands on our Treasury; and in _reporting_ all this, we promise
the most interesting numbers of the MISSIONARY yet published.
Thus:

    “Out of these _golden_ griefs
     Bethel we’ll raise.”

       *       *       *       *       *

We have received a copy of the new map of Central and Southern Africa,
published by the A. B. C. F. M. As an outline map for chapel purposes,
we believe it unsurpassed in beauty and cheapness. The price, on paper,
is 75c.; on cloth, $1.25; to be had of C. N. Chapin, 14 Congregational
House, Boston.

       *       *       *       *       *

Dr. T. Thornton Macklin, who for several years was connected with the
Blantyre Mission in the region of the Nyassa, is making a brief visit
to this country, and gave us much valuable information about methods of
work in Equatorial Africa, in an hour’s interview at our office. Dr.
Macklin is anxious to return to Africa and enter upon pioneer work,
such as that proposed by Mr. Arthington to the A. M. A., in the Nile
basin.

       *       *       *       *       *

We are glad to know that Dr. G. B. Willcox, whose presence and
counsels are sadly missed in our Committee meetings, loses none of
his enthusiasm for the American Missionary Association and its work,
because of his new home and new duties. At a recent meeting in Dr.
Noble’s church in Chicago, he read an address which we wish could be
put into the hands of every Christian, and of every citizen, in the
land. It is too long to print in our pages, and too consecutive to
dismember without marring. We hope he may have calls to deliver it
before the other churches of that city, and of other cities, East and
West.

       *       *       *       *       *

We fear that a fact, stated by Mrs. Hill in our last number, has not
been fully taken in by our readers. Writing from Marion, Ala., of her
work among the children, she said, incidentally, and most of us read it
without comprehending it, “The girls’ sewing-class has sent $38 to the
Mendi Mission.”

The “GIRLS’ SEWING-CLASS!” “THIRTY-EIGHT DOLLARS!”
Sunday-school workers of New England, think what that means! We
venture to say there is scarce a Sunday-school connected with one
of our churches in New England where the same amount of money would
cost a girls’ sewing-class one-half the self-denial and labor that
is represented by this $38 for the Mendi Mission. And it came from a
colored girls’ sewing-class!

       *       *       *       *       *

Some time since, a request came from a teacher in one of our
institutions to the Sunday-school of the Second Congregational Church
in Rockville, Conn., that it should raise $70 for a promising young man
who, for lack of it, must leave his studies. The matter was brought
before the school and laid over for consideration. On the next Sabbath,
a class of young men, every one of whom was earning his own living,
stated that it would assume the responsibility for the whole amount.
To raise this money did not hurt them; on the contrary, it did them as
much good as it did the one who received it. What if this same spirit
should become epidemic in our schools!

The Sunday-school at Kenosha, Wis., when its pastor read to it
President Cravath’s article in the October MISSIONARY,
entitled “What shall we do?” promptly responded by sending a check for
$50. Pastors, Sunday-school superintendents and teachers, it is not
a difficult thing to do, but a most easy, and as blessed as easy, to
enlist your young people in this beneficent work; beneficent not alone
in relation to the ignorant negroes, but to your own young people.
The needs of our work are great, but the need that our Sunday-school
children and young people be educated out of narrow, selfish views
of life, is even more urgent. Let this double education go forward
steadily and by organized effort; thus shall sower and reaper rejoice
together, and it will be difficult to tell the one from the other in
their mutual joy and benefit, for both are reapers of such sowing.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Selma, Ala., _Daily Times_ notes the fact that our Field Secretary,
Dr. Roy, preached in the First Presbyterian Church of that city in
the morning, and the Rev. H. S. DeForest in the evening, of a recent
Sabbath, and says that more than usual interest was manifested in both
services. Also, in a kindly notice of the Fifth Annual Convention of
the Congregational Churches of Alabama, convened in that city, it says:
“This church is doing a great work for the education and religious
culture of the colored people in Alabama, and the other Southern
States.”

       *       *       *       *       *

Dr. R. S. Rust, Secretary of the M. E. Freedmen’s Aid Society, in his
Twelfth Annual Report of the work of that Society, speaks with a just
pride of the twenty distinctive colored schools established in the
South, with an aggregate of 2,510 pupils: of these, 453 are classed
as Biblical, 20 law, 60 medical, 74 collegiate, 270 academic, 1,020
normal, 242 intermediate, and 371 primary.

We congratulate him and his church on the good work done, and to be
done.

       *       *       *       *       *

Prof. J. W. Randolph, of Waco College, Texas, which, we understand, is
a newly-projected school, to be under management of the colored people,
announces his purpose of publishing a new music and hymn-book for and
by his own people; and so the genius of this people is reaching out
into new fields of effort.

       *       *       *       *       *

Facts are facts _positeevely_, as Dr. John Brown’s Scotch beadle would
say, and will assert and establish themselves if we can only have
patience in well-doing. The professor of Greek in one of the State
Colleges of the South said to us, some months since: “I spent a day in
Fisk University, and as I am, and have been all my life, a teacher of
Greek, was curious to see what the negro could do with that language;
and, sir, I should be most proud and happy if I had twenty boys in my
College who could recite Greek as I heard that number of boys and girls
reciting it in that school.”

The teacher of these boys and girls was a young colored woman, 22 years
of age, herself a graduate of the school in which she was then teaching.

       *       *       *       *       *

Among the many indications of the growing interest taken by the best
class of Southern people in the educational work of our schools, we
note the frequent kindly notices, given in the daily papers of the
cities in which our schools are located, of anything that concerns the
work. We clip the following from the _Morning
Ledger_, of Memphis, in appreciative mention of the lecture course
before Le Moyne Institute of that city: “It is an encouraging sign
of the times when such men as Dr. Maury, Judge Morgan, Col. Eaton,
and Judge Hammond give their time and talents for the instruction and
elevation of the colored race, especially when these people show a
disposition and a capacity for moral and intellectual improvement. It
is an indisputable evidence of the amiable relations of the two races,
and gives assurance that the traces of the war, and its bad passions,
are wearing out, and that we have entered upon a peaceful, law-abiding
era, with a good basis for solid prosperity.”

At the close of the last lecture, delivered by Rev. Mr. Trible, Col.
L. B. Eaton arose, and after reference to the success of the course
and its good results to the community, proposed, as appreciative of
the lecture and expressive of their interest in the object, that they
should take a collection, which resulted in over $30 for the library of
the school.

We learn that these lectures have been prepared with the same care
as if intended for the most cultivated white audiences, and without
condescension or patronage, were delivered as if addressed to an
audience of young men and women without any hint, direct or implied, of
race, color, or previous condition.

       *       *       *       *       *


GEN. GRANT’S RECEPTION AT STRAIGHT UNIVERSITY.

Just as the MISSIONARY was going to press, we received a
letter from Dr. Roy, who is now in New Orleans, giving a brief sketch
of the visit of Gen. Grant to the Straight University. We have also
a more full account in the _New Orleans Times_, but we can offer our
readers in this number only the shorter narrative. Dr. Roy writes:

“We gave a reception to Gen. Grant in the chapel. Flags were displayed
at the front and behind the platform, with the big map on the wall and
a placard ‘Our Country.’ The school and the patrons filled the hall.
Prof. McPherron led his scholars in some exquisite classic music;
Prof. Alexander made the welcoming address in behalf of the Straight
University. Gen. Grant responded in one of his laconic and fitting
speeches, which was greatly satisfactory to the colored people. Gen.
Grant said:

“‘It is a good sign to see such a University as this attended by
colored people who were for so long deprived of any such advantage.
Those who have gone before you had no such advantages. But by the
gift of these institutions, those here are taking the first great
step towards improving the advantages guaranteed to them by the
Constitution. Great advantages are given these people by the provisions
of the Constitution and the Amendments, and the colored people are
coming to improve them. The privilege of emigration is permitted
and allowed to any people. But other things being equal, every one
is happiest in passing his life in the locality where he was born.
So that I am glad to see you improving these opportunities. I hope
everything for the colored people, and may you make freedom a blessing
to yourselves. Gentlemen, I thank you for your kindness.’

“Then the Field Supt., in behalf of the A. M. A., followed, thanking
the General for the peace-policy which he had inaugurated, and which is
affording so much aid to our work among the Indians; and thanking him
for his word in China, upon Chinese emigration, which has helped us in
our missions on the Pacific coast. The Superintendent also reported the
extent of the work of the A. M. A. at the South, the patriotism of the
colored people, and their hunger for knowledge.
A young lady, in behalf of the students, presented the General with a
bouquet, and Col. Lewis (colored), Collector of the Port, responded
for the colored soldiers of Port Hudson. The scholars and friends then
filed around and shook hands with the General.”

       *       *       *       *       *


OLD NAILS WELL CLINCHED.

Three cases of more than ordinary importance were decided in the
United States Supreme Court, last month, from which it happily appears
that the soul of Judge Taney doesn’t “go marching on.” The Negro has
rights. Thanks to the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution, he has
exactly the same civil rights as the white citizen. Moreover, he has
equal rights before the courts--any “State Sovereignty” legislation
discriminating against him to the contrary notwithstanding. The
test-cases, which had been appealed to the Supreme Court, were those
in which colored men had been put on trial for alleged crimes in State
courts, and had been denied the right of having any member of their own
race on the jury. This discrimination against them, on account of race
and color, was pronounced unconstitutional and illegal. The decision is
one to awaken devout thankfulness and patriotic pride in the hearts of
all lovers of humanity and equal rights for all.--_The Advance._

       *       *       *       *       *


THE CASE IN A NUT-SHELL.

Judge Tourgee, if he _is_ the author of that remarkable book, “A Fool’s
Errand,” which every citizen of the Union should not only read, but
profoundly study, puts the case in a nut-shell when, in answer to his
old teacher’s question, “But what can be done for their (the Negroes’)
elevation and relief, or to prevent the establishment of a mediæval
barbarism in our midst?” he says:

“The remedy is one that must be applied from the outside. _The
remedy for darkness is light; for ignorance, knowledge; for wrong,
righteousness._ The nation nourished and protected slavery. The
fruitage of slavery has been the ignorant freedman, the ignorant poor
white man, and the arrogant master. Now, let the nation undo the evil
it has permitted and encouraged; let it educate those whom it made
ignorant, and protect those whom it made weak. It is not a matter of
favor to the black, but of safety to the nation. Make the spelling-book
the sceptre of national power. Let the nation educate the colored man
and the poor white man, because the nation held them in bondage, and is
responsible for their education; educate the voter, because the nation
cannot afford that he should be ignorant. Honest ignorance in the
masses is more to be dreaded than malevolent intelligence in the few.”

We express no opinion as to his method for applying this remedy, as
it would lead to a discussion of political questions with which, as
such, we have nothing to do. But that the remedy for, and the provision
against, these threatening evils, is the education of these people, of
this there can be no doubt.

We are happy to say, also, that the work already accomplished by our
schools is dissipating the fears, conciliating the prejudices, and
disarming the hostility of the Southern people, who are coming more and
more to appreciate and sympathize with the effort to educate the Negro,
and in helpful ways to co-operate with us in this work. The remedy,
indeed, must come from without; but it is beginning to operate, and the
most hopeful symptom of healthful action is that the patient begins to
appreciate and demand it.

       *       *       *       *       *


SOUTHERN NEGROES IN NEW YORK CITY.

In our efforts to find out the needs of the emigrants for Liberia, now
in New York, we have discovered facts in regard to the resident colored
population in the city which were to us a great surprise. One of its
most intelligent colored men informs us that of the 20,000 colored
inhabitants in this city, only about 5,000 are of Northern birth.

A church organized two years ago, with 21 members, has now a membership
of 150, and a congregation of about 800, all of whom are from the
South. They now worship in a hall for which they pay $40 per month;
have raised more than $3,000 for current expenses; $300 for charities,
and have $2,000 in bank toward a church building. The pastor of this
church is a young ex-slave from Norfolk, Virginia.

Now, in regard to the refugees themselves, we believe an attendance
upon the meeting in Dr. Garnet’s church, called to organize and
systematize the effort to care for them, would have proved a radical
cure for chronic and most persistent doubt as to the negroes’ ability
to meet an emergency. The overflowing charity of that meeting was only
matched by the wisdom, prudence and skill with which it was managed.

If the Christian churches and friends of Christ would but seek out, and
bring as prominently before the public, facts, of which there are many,
such as the above, showing the rapid progress these people are making
under great discouragements, as the police courts and enemies of the
negro report and dwell upon those which show his degradation, we are
confident he would be held in much higher estimation.

We venture to say that a like number of refugees of any other race, in
as great destitution, with a similar story of wrongs, whether true or
false, could not be so quietly stowed away in New York, or left to be
cared for so exclusively by their own people. There have been no urgent
appeals to the public, and either none at all, or but a passing notice
of their arrival, in our religious papers.

       *       *       *       *       *


WOMAN’S HOME MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION.

This new organization held its first public meeting in Boston, March
18th. The ladies assembled at eleven o’clock in the lecture room of
the Park Street Church, which was crowded. Mrs. C. A. Richardson, of
Chelsea, presided; Mrs. J. F. Hunnewell, of Charlestown, acted as
Secretary. By-laws were read and adopted. An address on the general
subject was made by Mrs. Sarah K. Bolton; and Mrs. Steele, of Revere,
gave a very interesting account of her labors in Maryland for eight
years among the poor whites.

A more public meeting was held in the afternoon in the audience-room
of the church, which was also well filled. Rev. Dr. Webb presided, and
made a very appropriate and encouraging introductory address, sketching
the new range of work opened for women in the missionary world, and
assuring the new organization of the welcome it would receive by the
officers and friends of the American Board and the Woman’s Board. By
invitation, representatives of the American Missionary Association and
of the American Home Missionary Society addressed the audience; Rev. C.
L. Woodworth and Rev. M. E. Strieby, D. D., appearing for the former,
and Rev. Robert West and Rev. H. M. Storrs, D. D., for the latter.
These gentlemen confined themselves, as was expected, to presenting
a view of the wide fields occupied by their
respective societies, and the great need and remarkable hopefulness
which they furnished for the labor of woman in the elevation and
Christianization of the more destitute women and children of the great
West and South.

This new organization originated entirely with the ladies themselves,
and, as far as we can judge, has been inaugurated and will be carried
forward with great wisdom and efficiency, and with no spirit of
rivalry, but with the utmost Christian consideration and love towards
other similar boards. It is hard to predict the future of a new
benevolent organization. Who could have conjectured in 1810 the grand
reach of Christian labor achieved by the ever-to-be-honored American
Board? And who, ten years ago, could have foreseen the remarkable
energy and wonderful success--then latent, but now active--displayed
by the Christian women of this land in the several denominations in
co-operation with the great Missionary Boards? But while we cannot
prophesy of the future of this new society, yet the success of those we
have mentioned encourages us to anticipate for it a glorious career.
There certainly is room in this our land, among the women and children
of less favored portions and races, for the widest and most hopeful
endeavors that can be put forth; and while the degraded of distant
lands should not be neglected, certainly those in our own should not be
passed by. This new Board has our warmest sympathies.

       *       *       *       *       *


EASTERN NORTH CAROLINA.

In a letter from Rev. J. Edwards, of Grantville, Mass., he adds his
testimony to the many that reach us from all directions, that the South
is experiencing a gradual, and to one who visits it after several
years’ absence, marked uplifting. He also comes back full of the
assurance, as do all others who study the “problem of the South,” that
the A. M. A. is doing good work just where it is needed. We thank him
for his letter, and second his suggestion that our work presents a
magnificent opportunity to the Christian and patriot. We have room for
a few extracts:

“Enter the train of the Seaboard & Roanoke Railroad and you will be
carried very comfortably through a country as monotonous and unexciting
as you will often find. You can bear to watch, for once, the scenery
that looks so painfully uninviting it is positively entertaining: light
land, scattered pines, and here and there, the so-called villages, of
which you might say, ‘enough of them--such as they are.’ No bright
green sward; and as for houses, homes--where are they? Surely not very
near the line of the railroad, unless you can by courtesy give the name
to the scanty cabins, with the tow-headed children, and the wan women,
and the man scratching the top of the earth with a plow drawn by one
decrepit steer or sorry mule.

“The railroad on to which you pass at Weldon, would carry you to
Wilmington, famed throughout the old North State for its delightful
social life. But we stop one hundred miles short of this, in the heart
of the State. Your desolate ride has hardly prepared you for the
pleasing aspect of the town that greets you. Comfortable houses, some
of them tasteful, with abundant flower-yards, and, now and then, the
familiar green turf, preserved with a good deal of pains; the county
buildings, numerous and large stores, some of them doing a business of
two or three hundred thousand a year, assure
you that here, too, are homes and American enterprise. You are in the
midst of the cotton belt--a dry, light, almost sandy soil, level like
the bottom of a lake, showing signs (in beds of marl, with shells not
yet absorbed) of having been once under the sea, easily tilled; large
amounts of chemical fertilizers in use; plenty of work for both whites
and blacks; and, although some of both races are do-nothings, numbers
of both are industrious and reap the reward. The relations between the
two races here appear to the casual eye entirely peaceful. Some blacks
are leaving for Indiana, and a few are returning; and the departure
of those who go from this particular section only gives more room and
occupation for those who stay.

“A fragment of the conversation of two negroes I overheard on the
street sounded true and sensible: ‘My ’pinion is, one dat’s willin’ to
work, kin make a livin’ most anywhar; as fur ---- he allus was too lazy
to live; he’s too lazy to die. I don’t b’lieve nuffin sech as he ses.’
They were talking of a bright but indolent mulatto, well known in the
place, who had lately exodusized and come back.

“The churches are Baptist, Episcopal, and Methodist, with
‘Hard-shells,’ Campbellites, etc. The colored people have churches and
preachers of their own, and will never rise very high till they have
schools and better churches.

“The lack of schools is a great evil, felt and deplored by some of the
best people. There are private schools for the whites who can pay for
them, but no public schools for them, and none of any kind for the
blacks here yet. But times move forward and grow better.”

       *       *       *       *       *


LE MOYNE INSTITUTE, MEMPHIS, TENN.

Training Nurses--Needle-Work--Preparation of Food, etc.

In the MISSIONARY for March, 1879, Miss Milton gave some
account of the industrial department of the school at Le Moyne, and
also announced the purpose of giving attention to the training of
nurses.

Prof. Steele writes that their plans have been more fully developed
with most gratifying results. During the year, about an hour each
day has been devoted to such work, without interfering with regular
studies, and with the effect of stimulating the students in all other
directions. The list of questions on the care of the sick, which
constituted a part of their examination at the close of the winter
term, indicates a varied and minute training, which must fit these
pupils to be angels of mercy, and most blessed ministers of comfort and
health in many cabins of the South.

Professor Steele reports a death-rate among the negroes of Memphis that
is simply appalling. He says in other cities of the South it is about
double that among the whites; in Memphis it is three times as great.
We are confident that this disproportion does not prevail through the
country. The blacks are gregarious, and crowding into the cities, as
they do, in ignorance and poverty, disease is fearfully fatal among the
children; but we do not believe the forthcoming census will establish
such a death-rate as the above among the colored population at large.

Our teachers, wise and Christ-like in their spirit, are directing their
efforts to whatever affects the welfare of these poor people, and their
condition will constantly improve.

       *       *       *       *       *


ANGLO-TURKISH CONVENTION FOR THE SUPPRESSION OF THE SLAVE-TRADE.

The Queen of England announced at the opening of the last session of
Parliament, Feb. 5th, “That a convention for the suppression of the
slave-trade has been concluded between my Government and that of his
Imperial Majesty the Sultan.” This was very gratifying to all who had
so long waited the signing of the oft-promised and oft-delayed treaty
with Turkey. On the 9th of February, it was said by the Under-Secretary
of State that the treaty had been signed but not ratified, and would
soon be laid upon the table of the House of Commons. In the meantime,
what purports to be a copy of the treaty has been published.

An examination of its several articles creates grave fears that astute
Turkish diplomacy has been too much for Sir Henry Layard in this
matter. It is all very well for English cruisers to have the right to
search suspected ships, sailing under the Turkish flag, for slaves; but
their officers cannot touch African _slave_ seamen, and it will be easy
to so make out a ship’s papers that she can carry many more men than
she needs, and she can change her crew every voyage. All slaves seized,
another article provides, shall be turned over to _Ottoman authorities
for the purpose of proclaiming them free_, which, we fear, will prove
as effectual in accomplishing that result, as throwing the turtle into
the water by the simpleton was effectual in drowning it.

When England made treaties with other slave-holding nations for the
suppression of the slave-trade, she provided that captured slaves
should be tried before a mixed Commission in which British officers
sat. In this treaty they take their chances for freedom before an
Ottoman Court.

In this connection we regret to announce that Pacha Gordon has
resigned, and his resignation has been accepted; and thus Central
Africa loses its noble Christian ruler. He went out in 1874 as Governor
General of Soudan, “to establish a regular government, to create
facilities for commerce, and to destroy the slave-trade in the province
entrusted to him,” and his resignation will bring dismay to all who
have the cause of humanity at heart. It was at first reported that
Ismail Eyoub Pacha had been appointed to take his place, who, while
not Gordon Pacha, was, it is said, as good a man for the post as could
be found in Egypt. But the _Anti-Slavery Reporter_ now says, “it is
officially announced that the actual successor is one Raouf Bey, of
evil memory.”

This Raouf Bey is spoken of by Sir Samuel Baker in his “Ismailia” as
the bosom friend of Abou Saood, whom he describes “as the _incarnation
of the slave-trade_, and the greatest slave-dealer on the White
Nile.” Colonel Gordon thinks it certain that the slave-dealers will
at once resume their operations, and will be unmolested by the new
Governor. He estimates that at least 30,000 slaves have annually,
for the past twelve years, been brought down from the Bahr Gazelle
and Darfur; and Vice-Consul Wylde believes that not less than 50,000
annually cross the Red Sea, who are taken to Egypt, Turkey, and other
Mohammedan countries. And now, it seems, the Anglo-Turkish Convention
provides that slaves captured by the English shall be handed over to
the _Ottoman_ authorities to be by them declared free, and a noted
slave-hunter displaces the Christian suppressor of that hellish traffic
in the governorship of the slave-hunting grounds.

       *       *       *       *       *


MR. H. M. STANLEY ON THE CONGO.

[From the Field, March 12.]

As the recent movements of this well known African explorer have not
been given in detail, the following translation of a letter written by
Father Carrie, head of the Congo Mission, dated Landana, December 3,
1879, and published in _Les Missions Catholiques_ (No. 559), may not be
without interest.

Father Carrie says: “Having just returned from a voyage through
the whole navigable portion of the Lower Congo, I take the
first opportunity of sending you the following particulars
concerning Mr. Stanley and his explorations. The party of the
great explorer is somewhat numerous. It consists, besides the
leader, of a superintendent, an engineer, a sea captain, several
mechanics, carpenters, etc., in all, twenty whites of different
nationalities--Belgians, Americans, English, Italians, and Danes. A
French naturalist, M. Protche, just come to Landana from Paris, and an
old member of the German expedition to Chinchoxo, near Landana, are
also about to join The ‘Society for the Investigation of the Upper
Congo,’ as this expedition terms itself.

“The blacks of the party consist of about one hundred men, Arabs
and natives from Sierra Leone and the Congo. The stores are very
considerable, comprising especially five small steamers and some
auxiliary craft, engines and trucks for land carriage, wooden houses
ready for erection, &c.

“Mr. Stanley, as I am informed by Mr. Greshoff, proposes to go up the
Congo to the Lualaba, where he hopes to meet his Arab friend Tibu-tin.
He will then explore the Western part of the Congo as well as the
countries near both of its banks, and will endeavor at the same time to
bring the ivory-trade to Emboma. When we arrived at Vivi (four or five
miles below the first cataract of the Yellala Falls), Mr. Stanley was
on his way across the mountains in the direction of the great village
of the same name, doubtless studying the start for his route to the
interior. M. Van Schandel, chief engineer of the expedition, told us
that the celebrated traveller habitually started on such excursions
without warning any one of his going or returning. Soon, however, Mr.
Stanley himself was announced; he returned tired to death and covered
with dust and perspiration.

“While waiting for the end of the rainy season, he is engaged in
firmly establishing his first station--the base of all his future
operations--and in maturing his plans for overcoming the gigantic
difficulties in his way.

“It is, indeed, a startling enterprise to traverse some two hundred
miles of precipitous, rocky mountains, piled up--so to speak--one on
the other, and almost without any intermediate passage, not only with
a numerous party, but a considerable weight of baggage, wooden houses,
trucks and steam vessels, which must be hoisted over heights of from
1,000 to 1,300 feet, with extremely abrupt rises; and this not once, or
twenty, or a hundred times, but on thousands of occasions.

“Happen what may, it will require some years’ work to reach the end
of this terrible chain of mountains at Stanley Pool, where the second
station is to be established.”

Making every allowance for the fears of the worthy ecclesiastic whose
letter we have here given, it is sufficiently evident that Mr. Stanley
has his work cut out in executing the Belgian international programme.
He will, apparently, have a land journey of three hundred miles before
he can make use of the river, and he himself considers that it will
take three years to carry out the project successfully. -----File:
013.png---

       *       *       *       *       *


JESUS SAT OVER AGAINST THE TREASURY!

It is an assurance full of sweet comfort, especially to the poor, that
One sits over against the treasury who estimates at its full value the
widow’s mite, knowing as He does out of what love and self-denial it
comes. With a check for the last instalment of $100 from the estate
of a poor widow, comes a brief sketch of a life that was beautiful
and touching; a life that was full of struggle, and sorrow, and
benefaction; which closed in blindness after 88 years. After a brief
married life, she was left a widow with one child, in great poverty.
She won a home with her needle, in which she lived for forty-two years,
the last twenty-six of these entirely alone, as her daughter had been
taken from her by death.

She lived her brave, self-forgetful, helpful life; active in all good
words and works in church and neighborhood, economizing where her own
wants were concerned, keeping guard even over the use of matches;
liberal to the limit, not only of what she _had_, but of what she
_could earn_, where the needs of others were known. Intelligently
acquainted with the work of the Church, at home and abroad, from a wide
reading of all our home and foreign missionary journals, she accepted
it as the highest duty and most honored privilege of life to fill up,
according to her measure in her own body, what remains behind of the
sufferings of the divine Redeemer. Such gifts are as precious ointment
poured upon the head of the Master, and He accepts them with the pledge
that they shall not be lost. It were almost a sacrilege to write a name
upon our pages by way of eulogy which the Master himself has pronounced
with honor before His angels: “Thou hast been faithful over a very
little.” “Enter thou into the joy of thy Lord.”

And He still sits over against the treasury, noting not alone
the widow’s mite, but the larger gifts of those who give, if not
abundantly, yet out, of their abundance.

       *       *       *       *       *


GRADATIONS, NATURAL AND HELPFUL.

Can civilization reach the state of nature, that state which God meant
for it, until men know how to divide society equally, from top to
bottom? I do not mean by this that there will ever come a time when
two will not be more than one, when four will not be more than two,
and when eight will not be more than four; I do not mean that we shall
ever see the time when there will not be gradations in society from the
top to the bottom--gradations of power, gradations of intelligence,
gradations of wealth, gradations of refinement; but there is to be in
society just that which exists in households--namely, a disposition,
that runs from the top to the bottom, of love and sympathy; and when
you have so stratified society, and organized it, and made every member
of it, from the lowest to the highest, feel, “My brother above me is
pulling me up higher,” we shall begin to realize our true relation,
and fulfil our appointed duty one to another. When in society it is
as it is on the sides of mountains, where men, being helped by those
who are above them, turn round and help those who are below them, and
go on a few steps and again are helped by those that are above them,
and again help those that are below them, and so on until they reach
the top, then gradation will not be an evil. Gradation is now an evil
because there is a stratum of prosperity, and a
thick slice of selfishness; then another stratum of prosperity, and a
thicker slice of selfishness; and so on, selfishness growing thicker
and thicker as you go toward the bottom. It has got to be broken up.
The low places, the valleys, have got to be exalted, the mountains
have got to be brought down, and men have got to mix and coalesce.
In other words, the day has got to come when that simple sentence, a
million times repeated, and a million times not understood, shall be
fulfilled, and love to God and love to man shall be the law of the
universe, and of universal conditions. We have got to come to it first
or last.--_Christian Union._

       *       *       *       *       *


ITEMS FROM THE FIELD.

N. C., LASSITER’S MILLS.--“The church is greatly revived; six
converts this week, and many more seeking the Lord.”

N. C., RALEIGH.--“The revival still goes on. There have been
over 200 conversions since Mr. Brown left us, and many are still
anxious. There are revival meetings in every colored church in the city
every night without the least rivalry. We have twenty-two converts in
our church already.”

S. C., CHARLESTON.--“Miss Wells has organized a Band of Hope
with forty members, and there seems to be a good deal of enthusiasm.
The church has fixed on the 3d Sunday in April as the day for a renewal
of the covenant. The officers are now visiting every member, urging
them to come forward to renew their church pledge.”

GA., MCINTOSH, LIBERTY CO.--Mr. Snelson writes: “Our communion
season held yesterday was highly enjoyed by all. Six persons united
with the church. Four were promising young men. Two of the candidates
came out from Baptist families and were baptized by immersion.”

GA., WOODVILLE.--Mr. Sengstacke writes: “I have been preaching
every night for six weeks. Our Sunday night meetings are crowded, and
the unconverted people are becoming alarmed. I am now reaching the very
class I have been longing after for some time--the young people. In
February I baptized two young people, in March three, and last night
one young woman professed conversion. Our Sunday night contributions
are increasing. We are having the church repainted on the inside, and
are trying to raise money for additional seats. We cannot seat the
people. Last Sunday night many turned away, because we had no room.”

ALA., FLORENCE.--Easter-Sunday was observed in an impressive
manner. The new church was full.

KY., BEREA.--Some persons have here recently professed faith
in Christ, and others are inquiring.




THE FREEDMEN.

REV. JOS. E. ROY, D. D.,

FIELD SUPERINTENDENT, ATLANTA, GA.

       *       *       *       *       *


DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.

Lincoln Mission.

REV. SIMON P. SMITH, WASHINGTON.

A great deal has been said recently about the Lincoln Mission in the
District of Columbia, and probably many would like to hear how the work
is progressing.

There is a very large Sunday-school at this mission, and has been for
several years. The teachers come from Dr. Rankin’s church, more than
fifty of them, and manifest great enthusiasm. The school averages about
three hundred scholars, and on some occasions, during the cold weather,
we had more than four hundred.

The majority of these children come from the poorest and most
illiterate colored families in the city. They have good training in the
day-schools, but bad home influences. Their parents do not bring them
up as they should, hence they are very rude. There is much need of a
lady missionary here to teach the mothers of these children how to make
homes happy.

It is said that there are about sixty thousand colored people in the
city, and from the appearance of loiterers standing on the streets,
there must be twenty thousand out of employment. Idleness is the mother
of mischief, and what an opportunity such people have to enter into
temptation! Some of the parents of the children who come to the Lincoln
Mission are among these idlers.

These children are very poorly dressed; they scarcely have sufficient
clothing to keep them warm. We hold prayer-meeting with them every
Wednesday evening, and we find it very difficult to keep them away from
the stove. This seems to indicate that they have but little fire at
home. We are always glad to have it cold on Wednesday evenings, for,
then, we are sure of a good audience; and we can tell them about the
words of eternal life. Many desire to be prayed for, and we believe
that some of them love the Lord Jesus.

General O. O. Howard was with us recently, and addressed the children.
While he was speaking, his words were so full of sympathy and love that
he held the attention of the rudest class of boys in the city for more
than an hour. The sheep know the shepherd’s voice--even the lambs. We
know that he loves our nation, because he built us this synagogue, and
we love him because he loves us. He is, indeed, a true philanthropist.

       *       *       *       *       *


NORTH CAROLINA.

Wilmington.

In place of a report from our teachers at this place, we are happy to
substitute a letter from a visitor from the North who happened to reach
Wilmington in time for the examinations. We have yet to hear of the
first visitor who has not become an enthusiastic friend of our work. We
do not wish a general decline in health among our friends, but we do
wish that all visitors to the South would make themselves acquainted
with this work.


REPORT BY A VISITOR.

Returning with my friend from our winter’s stay in Florida, we embraced
the opportunity to stop in Wilmington, and visit Mr. and Mrs. Dodge,
and see their work among the colored people.
We arrived the day previous to the exhibition which was to close the
winter’s term of school. Friday evening, March 26, at 8 o’clock, we
repaired to the pleasant hall of the building, where were gathered over
a hundred bright, interesting-looking boys and girls between the ages
of five and eighteen, well and neatly clad, and a fine looking audience
of expectant parents and friends, who filled the room to its utmost
capacity. The exercises were opened with singing by the school, one of
the ladies presiding most creditably at the organ.

Then followed responsive reading from the Bible, led by Miss Warner,
and a prayer of thankfulness, by Mr. Dodge, for the possibilities now
opened to this once oppressed race. After devotions came recitations,
declamations, and dialogues, interspersed with music, in which all
participated, and the exercises from beginning to end were conducted
with a correctness and order that would have done credit to any white
school in the North. One of the pleasantest features of the evening
was the representation of the re-united States, in which each scholar
appeared wearing upon his or her shoulder the name of one of the
States, and repeating some appropriate motto or watch-word. When
all were gathered on the platform the Goddess of Liberty took her
place in the center, waving the stars and stripes as they sang the
“Star-Spangled Banner.”

I only wish more friends in the North could have seen in their faces,
and heard from their lips, the pride and gratitude which these parents
are already finding in the education of their children. Sunday morning
we attended service in the same hall, where Mr. Dodge conducted the
exercises much as he would those of a church at home, with singing,
responsive reading, and an exposition of the Scripture appropriate to
Easter. At two o’clock Miss Farrington, who has this year joined the
Home in the capacity of a missionary, gathered in one of the lower
rooms for instruction, what she calls her mission school, made up of
those outside the church. At three, a large Sunday-school came together
in the hall, and after devotions were assigned to their respective
teachers for work.

Again, in the evening Mr. Dodge presented Paul and his strivings to a
company of attentive listeners. No one can realize, who has not been on
the ground, the sacrifice and labors of this little band of workers,
who are so completely isolated by prejudice from their own people,
and are giving up everything to the elevation of this unfortunate
people. One of the saddest things about the work is the lack of means
to accommodate those who would be glad to avail themselves of the
advantages of this school. If we at the North could only see how small
would be our largest gifts compared with those of these teachers,
should we not do much more?


Raleigh.

Reverend George E. Smith sends an account of the refreshing, and in
every way helpful labors of Reverend Henry E. Brown, during a few
weeks’ visit to the churches of Raleigh. It will be remembered that
Rev. Mr. Brown was connected with our work at Talladega, where, by
his devoted and earnest labors, not only as Pastor and Professor of
Theology, but as a missionary to the regions about, he established a
number of churches and did much to ensure their success. He is now
in the employ of the colored Y. M. C. Association of Raleigh, and is
visiting the churches of the South under its auspices.

He reached Raleigh at noon on the 9th of February, and with
characteristic zeal had visited every colored pastor of the city
before night, and arranged for a meeting held that evening in the
Congregational Church, which was crowded to overflowing. Three
delegates of the Y. M. C. A., white, were present, and after hearing
Bro. Brown’s plan of operations, cordially endorsed them, and proffered
their assistance in carrying them out. Meetings for workers were held
in the afternoon of each day; from this those who co-operated in the
work went out to prayer-meetings in different parts of the city, and in
the evening general meetings were held in the various churches.

Bro. Smith adds: There is now a revival going on in every colored
church in the city, and we really feel that it is a revival of
religion, not mere excitement.

Since Brother Brown came in our midst, over one hundred souls have been
born into the kingdom of Christ. Many of the Sunday-school scholars
have been led to reflect, and to accept the Saviour as their great head
and teacher. Brother Brown’s labors among us have been a blessing to
all. One minister said the other day, “My people have more religion
than they used to have.” When asked why he thought so, he replied,
“Because they are living better.”

It may be gratifying to the many friends of our little church to know
that we have shared in this great blessing. At our next communion
season, which is the first Sabbath in April, we expect a glorious time,
as ten persons have already made application to unite with us at that
time. There may be more, as there are many anxious ones who meet with
us every night inquiring the way of salvation. Since Brother Brown
left, we have still carried on the meetings.

       *       *       *       *       *

ALABAMA.

CONFERENCE OF CONGREGATIONAL CHURCHES.

    A Full and Delightful Meeting--Abundant and Most Courteous
    Hospitality of the Citizens.

BY MISS A. E. SAWYER.

The fifth annual meeting of the Alabama Conference was held, beginning
Saturday evening, March 27th, and closing on the evening of the 30th,
at Selma, a city noted for wide streets, beautiful trees, and pleasant
homes. Rev. C. B. Curtis assured us of a hearty welcome from the
church, which had long been anticipating this meeting, and Rev. O. W.
Fay, of Montgomery, followed with the opening sermon, upon Christian
activity.

The sermon on Sabbath morning, by President DeForest, upon the power
of the Gospel, was given in concise, terse language, and when, at
the close, he pictured the scene at the last day, when Christ should
receive the redeemed from all kindreds and nations, the “amens” from
many hearers testified that their hearts had been touched.

The children’s service in the afternoon opened with an earnest address,
by Prof. Ellis, upon temperance, followed by Mr. Y. B. Sims, upon the
same subject.

Dr. Roy preached in the morning in the First Presbyterian Church,
and at night, Pres. DeForest filled the same pulpit, both to the
edification of the hearers, as we judge from various remarks of the
members. The fame of the morning sermon came from thirty miles “out
in the country,” and one good man said of the other preacher, “he
ought to be an evangelist; we want to get him away from you.” The
prayer-meetings were full of interest.

Pastors and delegates from the fifteen churches were present.
Some spoke of special religious interest, others of neighborhood
prayer-meetings, one of a pastor’s class for brother ministers, some
of farms recently purchased to be carried on by different members for
the benefit of church or school; and various plans for the uplifting
of the people showed that the pastors of these little churches are
thinking and working, as one of their own members said, “still holding
on, though there are discouragements.”

Dr. Roy presented the “Past, present and future work of the A. M.
A.” in an able address, and those who have long taken part in this
work were thrilled as they heard what had been done, and realized
the magnitude of the work still before them. Through the providence
of God, the Dark Continent was to be made light by the labors of men
and women trained in these schools of the South. We are not only home
missionaries, but, through our pupils, foreign missionaries. The fact
that Prof. Silsby is the son of a foreign missionary of Siam, gave
additional interest to his discourse on “The duty of the churches to
foreign missions.”

One interesting feature of the Conference was the number and variety
of the papers by the students and pastors trained in the Theological
Department of Talladega College. Though greatly regretting the
unavoidable absence of Prof. Andrews, who has never before missed one
of these gatherings, all felt that he was well represented by his
students--his boys, as they like to call themselves.

The discussion, “Shall our ministers encourage the Exodus?” by Rev. P.
J. McEntosh, must not be passed by in silence; for whatever were the
opinions of the audience as to the propriety of bringing forward such a
question at such a time, all must have been moved by the eloquence of
the speaker as he rapidly enumerated the disadvantages of the colored
people of the South.

The third annual meeting of the Woman’s Missionary Association,
conducted by Miss Adams, of Montgomery, was one of exceeding interest.
Reports from Selma, Marion, Montgomery, Mobile, and Talladega told of
lively working societies of the women and girls. The work was much
the same in all. Mothers’ meetings, Bible readings, visitations of
the sick, sewing-schools for the girls, all are helps in this work of
lifting up the women of the South. Miss Hardy’s paper on “The word as
a means of success in our work,” by its apt quotations and earnest
Christian spirit, touched all hearts. A letter from Mrs. Ash, of
Florence, who was educated in one of the A. M. A. schools, was received
with much interest, and the manner in which it treated the question,
“How shall we inspire a spirit of womanhood in our young women and
girls?” highly commended. The whole spirit of the meeting showed that
this subject was uppermost in the hearts of the workers, and that they
realized that the colored women must be helped in their homes, if we
would reach the entire community.

The Conference, after hearing an account of the meeting, passed a
resolution expressing great interest in it, and approving the advance
step connecting it with the new Home Missionary Association.

Time will not allow even a passing notice of many excellent addresses,
but we must note a capital one on temperance by Judge Saffold, of
Selma, considering the question in its legal aspect.

Tuesday night we assembled for the last time, and listened to an
eloquent missionary sermon by Mr. Crawford, followed by the celebration
of the Lord’s supper, Pres. DeForest and Dr. Roy officiating. It was a
tender, solemn service, the most precious of the week. Then came the
farewells, and we separated, feeling thankful for the privileges we had
so much enjoyed.

The meetings were marked by large attendance, and are spoken of as
unusually interesting.

We must not fail to mention the hospitality of the people of Selma,
particularly of the Presbyterian Church. They received us most
cordially, attended many of the exercises, expressing much interest in
what they heard, and greatly cheered us by their Christian courtesy.

       *       *       *       *       *

ALABAMA SUNDAY-SCHOOL CONVENTION.

Young Man with Backbone--Refreshing Gathering.

PROF. GEO. N. ELLIS, TALLADEGA.

We have just returned from the Fifth Annual Conference of the
Congregational Churches of Alabama and the first meeting of the State
Sunday-school Association held at Selma.

This Association was organized only last year at Montgomery, so this
was our first gathering. We had a glorious, a soul-stirring time.
The Convention opened Friday evening, March 26th, with a sermon by
President DeForest of Talladega.

I summarize reports as follows:

Thirteen schools were represented by delegates, four by written
reports, one by letter; their aggregate shows over thirteen hundred
teachers and scholars in attendance, seventeen hundred volumes in
libraries, one hundred and eighty dollars raised, and one hundred
conversions. This does not include the schools taught by our students
through the summer, although they are really a part of our work. This
brief sentence gives no idea of the interest with which these reports
were given and received, or of the amusing or touching incidents
connected with the giving.

_Mission Schools._--It will not do to pass these by unnoticed. It is
marvelously surprising how quickly the love of Christ, once received
into their own hearts, inspires this people to go out and seek for
others.

We have three such schools about Talladega. Selma and Mobile report one
each. Childersburg has a county association.

The superintendent of the mission school at Selma gave an interesting
account of his experience in organizing and conducting it. By the way,
he is the young man recently mentioned in the _Advance_, who refused
a position, worth $25 per month, in a store, because whiskey was sold
there, which he might sometimes have to handle. It takes moral backbone
in this country to stand up for temperance. I learned something of this
young man’s history. He is making every effort to educate himself and
at the same time partially supports a widowed mother with her large
family. He will make his mark in the world; moreover, what he is as to
character is largely due to the faithful efforts of a patient teacher.

A large number of visitors were present; among them Rev. Mr. Woodsmall,
Principal of the Baptist School at Selma, and others, many of whom
favored us with short addresses, which were spirited, enthusiastic and
pointed.

We feel that we may fairly call our first convention a success in
numbers, exercises, interest and results.

       *       *       *       *       *

Busy Days--Health-talks--“Major Ann.”

MISS M. J. ADAMS, MONTGOMERY.

It often seems as if our work grew upon our hands, so that we have
no time to tell about it; with our nearly 400 pupils, with all the
cases of discipline that must arise, with interviews with parents
and visits to their homes, in addition to the full hours of school
given to instruction; then the school prayer-meetings, the special
meetings for Bible study, the Young Men’s Association of the school--a
condition of membership of which is a pledge to abstain from the use
of tobacco,--and the semi-monthly meeting of the Woman’s Missionary
Society, which we have of late devoted to “Health-talks.”

At our last meeting I sent an invitation to the mothers of our pupils
to come to the school-room on Monday at four o’clock. A large number
responded, and we gave them such instruction as we could, regarding
things they so much need to know for themselves, their children, and
their homes. The women listened earnestly, and begged for another
meeting of the kind.

We set apart a portion of the day of prayer for colleges for
appropriate exercises, and had a solemn meeting. Since that day, some
have been seeking Jesus. Our hearts are specially cheered with the
evident sincerity of two promising young men, who, we trust, are now
entering upon the new life.

We have a weekly school prayer-meeting, and meet on Tuesday nights such
pupils as we think will be specially helped in a small social meeting.

I must tell you a little about “Aunt Ann,” a member of my Sunday-school
class, who has just died. She was in many respects a remarkable woman.
Of a giant frame, of strong practical common sense, an imperious will,
a contentious and often a bitter spirit, her life full of tribulation,
it was, indeed, a warfare. She was quite a politician, and very fond of
public speaking, so that she was known throughout the city, by both the
white and colored people, as “Major Ann.”

She had learned to read in her old age, and had a great love for the
word of God. She always had her Bible by her in her market-stall, and
never failed of being in her place in the class, with her lesson well
learned, and at every Sunday-school concert or Christmas festival she
must say her “speech.” During the last of the year I noticed with how
much more of a tender and quiet spirit she enjoyed the truths of the
lesson, especially those about Heaven. When visited during her long and
painful sickness, she always called for the reading of the 5th chapter
of Revelation, adding, “Read it right, for I shall know if you make one
mistake.” That chapter and the repetition of the twenty-third Psalm
were a sure comfort to her in her suffering, poverty, and loneliness.

Major Ann’s dying message to me was, “Meet me in glory; meet me at the
first trump.”

       *       *       *       *       *

KENTUCKY.

The Land and the People--The Work at McKee.

REV. E. P. FAIRCHILD, BEREA.

A stranger passing through many portions of the mountains of Kentucky
would probably regard it as a waste, howling wilderness, with no signs
of habitation, save now and then the crow of a chicken or bark of a
dog off in some hollow. This is owing to a custom the people have of
settling away from the public roads. Then, too, the highways often
follow a narrow ridge, or deep valley, where there would be but little
room for building. The indication of a near residence is a path leading
off from the road, or possibly you may see a corn-field on a distant
hill-side. But the heavy timber and thick underbrush generally obstruct
the view.

The people, as a class, take but little pride in good or comfortable
houses. One often has to get quite near before he can see them, so
small are they, and so much the color of the timber, being made of logs
or poles. A person is regarded as “having a plenty” when he owns a good
saddle-horse or two, a pistol, a milch cow, a few shoats, domestic
fowls, and crop enough to last him through the year. The idea is that
man lives but a short time; he should be satisfied with enough to eat
and wear; that death, in a sense, destroys his individuality; that one
star doesn’t differ from another in glory; that “in much wisdom is much
grief,” and “what profit hath a man of all his labor which he taketh
under the sun?” Be contented without knowledge, orchards and vineyards.
What reason have we for improving on the condition of our parents? Of
course, there are exceptions to those who hold these sentiments; and
if their prophets and priests had not promulgated these ideas, to keep
them from becoming wise above their instructors, probably none would
have cherished them; for it would be hard to
find a people with as little knowledge and culture, who are so honest,
genial, frank, and ready to receive instruction as they are. The
trouble is, they have been neglected. The Southern aristocracy have
little sympathy, and do not know what it is to reach a helping hand to
the needy, though they are regarded as very hospitable. The benevolent
people of the North and East are absorbed in aiding the growing West.

But let us go to the church. There is no bell to ring, though a bell
would sound beautifully among those hills and valleys. There is no
time-piece but the sun, and often no church or school-house to enter;
a private house or an arbor is sufficient, if there is a spring near
by. It is surprising to see the number that gather when there are so
few signs of habitations. All are very attentive, and seem anxious
to learn, save a few roughs, who gather at a distance, provided with
whiskey and pistols, ready to quell any fuss that may chance to arise.
Those who read the Bible and Almanac at all generally read them very
much, and are ready to quote Scripture, but are less gifted in its
construction and application; and if they chance to get hold of any
other reading, they are apt to become very familiar with it, reading it
over several times. They are not afraid to sing loud, whether they know
the song or not.

It is not one of their principles to give, unless it be a good meal
of bread, hog-meat and gravy. Many are not able, and none have been
taught, to give. Some hardly know how to account for the fact that
other people give to them.

The people might be divided into two classes--either “in all things too
religious,” or “full of fornication and drunkenness, with feet swift to
shed blood.” The hills rock-ribbed, the quiet valleys with moss-covered
stones, clear flowing brooks and running ivy, are not adapted to
engender lukewarmness. A talented man is apt to be a preacher or
desperado--sometimes both.

About four or five months ago I made my first visit to McKee, the
county seat of Jackson Co., Ky. I found a small village having a
court-house, jail, poor-house, two or three hotels, about the same
number of stores, several dwellings, and a small school-house, but no
church. It lies in a small basin-shaped hollow, with high hills on
all sides. On public days, citizens may be seen pouring in from every
valley until the streets are flooded with people, and some of the
people flooded with whiskey.

On inquiry, I found they had no Sunday-school, and preaching, perhaps,
only once in two or three months, when a circuit rider might chance
to be passing. I immediately helped them to the organization of a
Sunday-school, and made an appointment to preach there every other
Saturday and Sunday through the winter. I have met the appointments,
and we now have a Sunday-school with a membership of over seventy-five,
with a good library and lesson papers. A Temperance Society has been
organized with over five hundred members. The Saturday and Sunday
meetings are regularly attended, and the people are now very anxious
that a suitable building should be erected for school and church
purposes. A subscription of over five hundred dollars has already been
raised by the citizens of McKee, and as soon as a thousand dollars can
be obtained from some benevolent source, we shall lay the foundation
for something permanent.




AFRICA.

       *       *       *       *       *

EXTRACT FROM A LETTER FROM PROF. CHASE.


Jos. Smith preached this morning a good plain sermon upon “The Way of
Life.” He had to speak through an interpreter, but got along nicely.
The congregation was a strange one. Only two of the women had hats.
Most of them wore turbans made of striped handkerchiefs, wound around
in artistic styles.

During the services a tithing-man passed around, a cane in hand,
keeping the children in order, and waking up those inclined to
drowsiness.

_Avery Station._--This is rather a pleasant spot. The river makes three
bends here, and the mission house is so placed, that from the front
veranda we get a view about half a mile up and down the stream, of
water, rocks and green, the thick growth of trees, bushes and vines,
most of the way coming down to the water’s edge, and at some points
dipping into it. The yard is surrounded by a low well-kept hedge,
sprinkled with little pink blossoms. In front are cocoa-nut trees,
with their clumps of yellowish green nuts encircling the trunks about
twenty feet from the ground; an orange tree, a cinnamon tree with
its dark green fragrant leaves, and several pretty shrubs of various
kinds. Beyond the hedge, on a point sloping toward the river, is the
coffee “farm” (of three acres) covered with trees about four feet
high, looking very much like pear trees. In the rear is a clump of
banana trees with a few bunches of unripe fruit. In the distance is
the mill, whose irregular roof of bamboo is looked down upon from the
veranda. Nearer by is the chapel, an unpretentious yellow structure
with a school-room in the basement. The house is one-story, raised
several feet above the ground, having a wide veranda on three sides,
and containing six comfortable rooms, besides kitchen, &c.

Mr. Jackson is pastor of the church; Mr. Anthony, from Berea, has
charge of the mill and farm; and Rev. Mr. Jowett, a native, educated
at Sierra Leone, teaches the school, and acts as interpreter. In
the family are ten little children who are just beginning to talk
in English, and work about the house and grounds. The plateful or
platefuls of rice the little things can put away is astonishing. The
smallest one will eat as much as can be piled on a dining-plate.

[_Editorial Note._--A son of the Mr. Jowett, referred to in the
above letter, has just landed in this country, on his way to Fisk
University. Believing that he is to figure in the future history of
missions in Africa, we give a brief sketch of him, and a glimpse at
life in an African village, prepared by himself. This will be found in
the juvenile department. Just here we wish to say that Albert Miller
shows his appreciation of a liberal education and also his devotion to
his divine Master, two things very hopeful in a missionary. He found
this young man helpful as a Christian, and useful as an interpreter,
and believing he would make a good missionary, he has sent him to his
Alma Mater, and authorized the Association to pay his expenses out of
his own small salary. When such a spirit of self-denial and thorough
consecration characterizes the church, we shall have no trouble either
in getting or maintaining teachers and missionaries.

We wish also to say that this is a most hopeful movement; that of the
emancipated Christian and cultured African, with a constitution which
enables him to live there, going back with the blessings of the Gospel
to his fatherland; and that of the native, fully
acquainted with the language of that people, rescued from paganism, to
this country for Christian education. The meaning of slavery, under the
Divine administration, is beginning to unfold itself.]




THE INDIANS.

       *       *       *       *       *


INDIAN BOYS AT HAMPTON.

MISS ISABEL B. EUSTIS.

Mr. Hall’s account in the February MISSIONARY of the departure
of his Fort Berthold boys for Hampton, was a vivid picture to us who
welcomed them here. We could almost see them bidding a sad good-bye to
their friends, waving their blankets from the deck of the boat, and
sympathized with their consciousness that they had “a long way to go,
and a long time to stay, and it would be hard.”

We wish the friends, who bade them good-bye that cold October morning,
could see them to-day. If they could hear their quick and intelligent
replies in the school-room, and watch them at their trades, we think
they would recognize the record which the new thoughts and self-control
of the year have left on their faces, and would feel that they have
already gone a long way and a good one.

Almka (White Wolf), would show them the blue farm-cart of which he
is rather shyly proud, because he made it, wheels and all, with his
own hands. White Breast would lay down the doors of a new wardrobe,
he is finishing neatly, and Karunach would come from mending shoes,
to tell them about Hampton, till their ideas out-stripped their
tongues, and the old Indian sign-language came to the rescue. I think
E-cor-rup-ta-ha would stop a minute, with a nonchalant air, to polish
lovingly the big Corliss engine, before he shook hands even with them.
Laughing Face and Ka-what would tell them how much they have made of
the new carriage-house, the Indians are building. Tom Smith would throw
away his plane, and meet them with a joke and his merry boyish laugh;
and little Ara-hotch-kish would look up from his painting, with a quick
shy glance of welcome, going straight to the warmest place they have
saved in their hearts. Most of our Indians have gained a sufficient
command of English to receive any idea which can be put in simple
words; and if any reader of the MISSIONARY is troubled with
ennui or thinks of searching for a new sensation, I advise him to come
to Hampton, and try telling the old children’s stories to Indians. Even
Washington’s little worn-out hatchet gets a new sharp edge. Columbus
on his voyage of discovery is followed with a slightly incredulous but
intense interest, and all the Bible record reveals again a new force
and fire.

Imagine telling the story of David and Goliath for the first time
to a school full of Indian boys and girls. The room is breathlessly
still. Only kindling eyes and fixed attention show that the courage of
the shepherd boy for his unequal contest, his cool disregard of his
brother’s scoffs, his disdain of Saul’s armor and spear, his dauntless
confidence in God, are meeting, one by one, a hearty response in
the minds of the boys, a more timid one from the girls. Scarcely a
suppressed Indian grunt or guttural disturbs the narrative, till the
first slung-stone lodges fairly in the giant’s forehead, when little
Ta-ta-ton-ka-skah on the back seat forgets all traditions of Indian
stoicism, jumps about a foot in the air, and claps his hands in an
ecstasy of delight.

The bell rings, and the scholars must go to their classes, and fight
their own giants, strong ones, that will by no
means down at the first blow. May God bless every one, and grant them
His faith, and courage, and patience, till “little by little” their
enemies shall be driven out.




THE CHINESE.

       *       *       *       *       *

“CALIFORNIA CHINESE MISSION.”

Auxiliary to the American Missionary Association.

    PRESIDENT: Rev. J. K. McLean, D. D.
    VICE-PRESIDENTS: Rev. A. L. Stone, D. D., Thomas C.
    Wedderspoon, Esq., Rev. T. K. Noble, Hon. F. F. Low, Rev. I. E.
    Dwinell, D. D., Hon. Samuel Cross, Rev. S. H. Willey, D. D.,
    Edward P. Flint, Esq., Rev. J. W. Hough, D. D., Jacob S. Taber,
    Esq.

    DIRECTORS: Rev. George Mooar, D. D., Hon. E. D.
    Sawyer, Rev. E. P. Baker, James M. Haven, Esq., Rev. Joseph
    Howell, Rev. John Kimball, E. P. Sanford, Esq.

    SECRETARY: Rev. W. C. Pond. TREASURER: E.
    Palache, Esq.

       *       *       *       *       *


A CHAPTER OF ITEMS.

_Chinese New-Year’s._--Our Chinese brethren observed their national
New-Year’s festival very happily, in their usual Christian way.
With great pleasure do I remember my visit to the very comfortable
head-quarters which our Oakland brethren have established. It is a
two-story house, very neatly furnished with whatever is necessary to a
Christian home, except that the male sex alone is represented there.
It bears witness to the strength of the _home impulse_ in Chinese
hearts, such of them, at least, as have been touched by the love of
Christ, and shows how soon--if only these immigrants were treated as
others are--Christian homes, in the full sense of that good word,
would spring into existence among them. When I reached the house, the
rooms were already full of Chinese, and their teachers and friends.
After greetings were over and refreshments tasted, several hymns were
sung, and then I spoke to them of the “new commandment” which our
Saviour gave us, and led them in prayer. Just as I was leaving, Rev.
Dr. McLean, their pastor, entered with other friends. Before I had
gone far, I met Rev. Mr. Condit, a Presbyterian missionary among the
Chinese, on his way to the same place. And thus with greetings and
exhortations, and good counsel and prayer, the day passed away. At
our Central Mission House and the Bethany Home in this city, similar
exercises were held, at which the same duty of brotherly love--for us
“the lesson of the hour”--was pressed on their attention, and made the
object of earnest and united prayer--prayer to which I, at length, see
the beginning of a glad response.

Of this same festival, as observed at Sacramento, Mrs. Carrington
writes: “The rooms were very tastefully decorated, and called forth
much praise from the many who called. The scholars began the week
by holding prayer-meetings; and during the week, as friends called,
much of the time was spent in prayer and song. At a union meeting on
Thursday evening, Dr. Dwinell was present and spoke to them.” Similar
reports come from Stockton, Santa Barbara, etc. This festival calls,
of course, for a few days of vacation in the schools, and involves a
temporary diminution in attendance, but, in my view, the religious uses
to which it can be put, amply compensate for any inconveniences it may
involve.

_Additions to the Churches._--Two of our pupils at Santa Barbara were
baptized and received to the Congregational Church in that city, at
its last communion. Three are expecting to be
baptized and received to the Congregational Church at Sacramento, and
seven to Bethany Church, San Francisco, at their April communions. Let
me quote Mrs. Carrington once more: “I cannot tell you how my heart
has sometimes been thrilled with joy at the faithfulness of those so
recently brought out from darkness into the marvelous light. If people
all through the land could know what devoted Christiana many of them
are, they would feel condemned, as I do, for their own unfaithfulness.”

_The Barnes School._--Dea. and Mrs. Simeon Hackley, who have so long
and so usefully conducted the Barnes Mission School, have found that
other cares, that cannot be thrown off, make it impossible for them
longer to continue in the work. Both of them have been engaged in it
steadily for nearly six years. Dea. H., a graduate of Hamilton College,
having been forced by a disease of the eyes to suspend study at the
Union Theological Seminary, and thus to give up his hope of becoming a
foreign missionary, carried into secular life the missionary spirit.
What he hoped for thus in youth, he found at length in this work, and
to him and his like-minded wife have many souls been given as seals of
their service here.

It is a real blessing that Mrs. C. A. Sheldon, who so successfully
conducted the Bethany School for several years, has been restored to
health, and, with the assistance of her daughter, is able to fill this
vacant place. The school is growing in size and interest, and, we may
hope, will be as useful in the future as it has been in the past.

_Oroville Once More._--Miss Waterbury, from Oroville, gives an
interesting account of some “great idol Masonic festival,” which
occupied the last week of February in the Chinese quarter of that town.
She says: “Crowds of people have come in from the country for miles
around, dark and rough-looking, many of them. There were processions,
day after day, in which I recognized some of our scholars walking. Some
of the forms were tall and fine as you will ever see. They carried a
huge monster, serpent or dragon of unearthly hideousness, designed to
keep away the evil spirits. At their temple there was an unceasing din
of cymbals and gongs, with the firing of crackers and bombs, and the
outlandish shouts of a mob-like throng; and nearly opposite, across
the narrow street, stands our humble mission-house, where on the three
Sabbaths previous, Lee Haim had preached, at eleven o’clock, to a
room-full of his countrymen. On the Saturday and Sunday evenings of
this festival, the Chinese crowded in so that we dismissed school,
and Lee Haim preached and sung to them in Chinese. Every seat and
every standing-place was filled. They wanted to hear. I am sure some
poor, dark minds got a little Gospel truth for the first time, and,
with some of them, all they will ever hear until the revelations of
the future world shall be made to their astonished vision. It was
soul-inspiring to see the earnestness and energy with which he threw
his whole soul into the work, and even more so, to see all the eyes,
and ears, and mouths open to catch the new and strange things of which
the preacher spoke. I could not understand a word, but I was refreshed
in spirit and made stronger by it.” Of course, this crowd no longer
hangs upon the word. In two or three days, most of them scattered to
their little mining camps, and the school resumed its comparatively
diminutive proportions. But God’s word will not return to Him void; and
while we know not which shall prosper, either this or that, we know
that “he that goeth forth and weepeth, bearing precious seed, shall
_doubtless_ return again with rejoicing, bringing his sheaves with
him.”




CHILDREN’S PAGE.

       *       *       *       *       *


ALBERT BURTON JOWETT.

I was born, in 1860, in a little town called Mocolo. They have no
houses there, but little mud huts covered with thatch. There are no
roads, nor horses, nor cows. The people walk, or ride in little canoes
on the rivers. Not much work is done. What little clothing they wear is
made of native cloths. They have no cradles, and no clothing is needed
for their children. My father was away in the country to buy rice for
the Mendi Mission, and was taken prisoner a little before I was born.
The town was destroyed and the inhabitants killed, but my father’s life
was spared. He was redeemed by Mr. Burton, one of the missionaries, who
paid twenty-five shillings, English money, for his release. My father
moved to Good Hope when I was quite young, and I attended school and
studied the English language.

Not far from the school-house there are groves of limes, pine-apples,
plums, and bacon-fire, and the boys amuse themselves by battling each
other with limes. The principal holidays are Christmas, New-Year’s
and Good Friday. They celebrate Christmas by having a big dance out
of doors, lasting all day and often all night. The music is made by
beating drums, and by women who sing and clap their hands. The place
was lighted through the night by an immense fire in the centre. Pots of
rice are cooked, and a sauce made of palm-oil, rice and fish, is served
with it. They always have rum and gin, which is supplied them very
much more freely than the Gospel. We have no stoves in our country.
The fires are built either out of doors or in the corner of the hut.
As there are no chimneys, it is sometimes very smoky. The natives have
no lamps, but use palm-oil in a dish. For a wick they wrap a piece of
cloth around a stick. They have no tables, but sit down around a large
mat and eat their food from wooden bowls, making one spoon do for the
whole family. On funeral occasions they have a big dance, which they
sometimes keep up two or three days. All the people of the village
attend, and the nearest relative is expected to furnish all the rum
he is able to pay for, and a liberal supply of food, but they have no
religious ceremonies. When a big man marries, if he has sufficient
money, he keeps up a dance for a week. The missionaries are welcomed,
and are doing a great deal to break up these old customs. In 1877, the
Rev. Mr. Snelson and two other Freedmen came to our mission, and it
was under their instruction that I was urged to give my heart to the
Saviour. When Mr. Snelson asked me to try and become a Christian, I
told him I couldn’t do it.

He took me to his room and prayed with me, then he called my father,
and we all knelt down and he prayed again. He told me to go up to my
room and think over the matter. At first I did not know what to do;
then I fell down on my knees and prayed; I went to bed and prayed
nearly the whole night. The next day I went to see Mr. Snelson, and he
spoke to me on the same subject; I told him I felt greatly relieved
from the burden of sin, and he prayed with me again that evening. Soon
after I connected myself with the church. After Mr. Snelson’s return to
America, Rev. Albert Miller, a Freedman from the Fisk University, was
my pastor.

Before leaving Africa I acted as interpreter for Mr. Miller,
translating his sermons, as he delivered them, into the Mendi language.
My father, who has been a native preacher for more than twenty years,
is anxious to have missions planted far into the interior, where there
are supposed to be two million Mendi people, occupying a country about
7 degrees north latitude. All he could do is to give me up to the work.
Among this vast number, there is but one mission at present, and that
is conducted by Freedmen from America.

After spending three years in this country, at the Fisk University, it
is my purpose to return to Africa, and assist in establishing missions
in large villages in the wooded country, far from the coast. I feel
that I need your prayers. I have been treated very kindly since I left
Africa, and I pray earnestly that I may not disappoint my friends who
have assisted me in coming to this country, and who are anxious that I
should prepare myself to be a successful missionary in my native land.




RECEIPTS

FOR MARCH, 1880.

       *       *       *       *       *

MAINE, $432.47.

  Augusta. Cong. Ch. and Soc., ($30 of which from
    BARRETT EDWARDS POTTER to const. himself L. M.)             $53.56

  Bluehill. M. E. Johnson                                         5.00

  Foxcroft and Dover. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                         10.00

  Hampden. C. E. H.                                               1.00

  Kennebunk. Union Cong. Ch. and Soc.                            12.00

  Lewiston. Pine St. Cong. Ch.                                   17.77

  Machais. E. G. L. and Mrs. H., 50c. each                        1.00

  Orono. Cong. Ch.                                                1.04

  Portland. Ladies in Maine, _for Lady Missionary_,
    by Mrs. W. E. Gould                                         300.00

  Portland. Nathalie Lord, package, _for Rev. A. E. White,
    Mendi M._

  Saco. D. J.                                                     1.00

  Saint Albans. Rev. W. S. Sewell, $2; Cong. Ch., $1              3.00

  Thomaston. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                                   5.00

  Weld. Rev. D. D. T.                                             1.00

  Wells. Second Cong. Ch. and Soc.                               11.10

  Winthrop. Isaac N. Metcalf                                      2.00

  York. First Cong. Ch. and Soc.                                  8.00

NEW HAMPSHIRE, $159.68.

  Bristol. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                                     3.95

  Concord. Mrs. A. F. and Mrs. C. L. G., 60c. each                1.20

  Farmington. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                                 10.90

  Francestown. R. G. C.                                           0.50

  Hanover. Dartmouth Religious Soc.                              25.00

  Hillsborough Bridge. Mrs. J. G. and Mrs. N. T., $1 each         2.00

  Hinsdale. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                                    9.60

  Lancaster. Mrs. A. M. Amsden                                    5.00

  Lebanon. First Cong. Ch. and Soc.                              17.25

  Manchester. First Cong. Ch. and Soc.                           58.73

  Marlborough. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                                15.05

  Meridian. Mrs. Lucia Wells                                      5.00

  New Ipswich. “Hillside Gleaners’ Sewing Circle,” by Carrie
    B. Wilson, Treas.                                             5.00

  Petersborough. A. M. C.                                         0.50

VERMONT, $154.93.

  Barre. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                                      10.12

  Bradford. Rev. Mrs. and Mrs. Elliot                            12.00

  Burlington. Third Cong. Ch.                                    20.00

  Chelsea. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                                    20.00

  Clarendon. Mrs. N. J. Smith                                     5.00

  Danville. Cong. Sab. Sch.                                      10.00

  Essex. L. C. B.                                                 1.00

  Ludlow. Mrs. L. H. C.                                           1.00

  Lyndonville. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                                 5.00

  Northfield. O. D. E.                                            1.00

  Royalton. Sab. Sch. of First Cong. Soc., _for Student Aid,
    Atlanta U._                                                  17.97

  Sharon. Mrs. A. F. and Miss S. P. F., $1 each                   2.00

  West Dummerston. A. B. B.                                       1.00

  Weston. Mrs. S. A. Sprague and Lucy P. Bartlett, $2
    each                                                          4.00

  West Rutland. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                               22.84

  West Westminster. Elvira M. Gorham                              2.00

  ---- “A Friend”                                                20.00

MASSACHUSETTS, $4,869.39.

  Amherst. Girls’ Prayer Meeting, by Mrs. Mary H. Scott,
    $30.05, _for Student Aid, Fisk U._;--First Cong. Ch., $25    55.05

  Andover. Calvin E. Goodell                                     25.00

  Ashland. Mrs. Mary F. Cutler                                    5.00

  Attleborough. Second Cong. Ch. and Soc.                        30.00

  Beechwood. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                                   1.31

  Boston. Old South Cong. Ch. and Soc., $574.76; Miss R. A.
    F., 50c.; F. W., 50c.                                       575.76

  Boston Highlands. H. W. T.                                      0.50

  Bradford. Ladies’ Bible Class, bbl. C.

  Brimfield. First Cong. Sab. Sch.                              $10.00

  Brockton. Mrs. I. N.                                            0.50

  Cambridgeport. Pilgrim Cong. Ch., $581.54; N. H., 50c.        582.04

  Charlemont. First Ch.                                           3.00

  Chester. Second Cong. and Soc.                                  6.00

  Clinton. First Evan Ch. and Soc.                               75.00

  Danvers. Mrs. S. S.                                             1.00

  Dedham. Allyn Cong. Ch. and Soc. _for Chinese M._              16.54

  Dorchester. Mrs. Susan Collins                                  2.00

  East Charlemont. Cong. Ch.                                     13.75

  East Longmeadow. Cong. Ch.                                     22.00

  East Medway. Ladies of First Ch., B. of C. and 25c., _for
    freight_                                                      0.25

  Essex Co. “Howard,” _for Chapel at Wilmington, N. C._       2,000.00

  Fall River. First Cong. Ch., $84.04; M. E., $1                 85.04

  Feeding Hills. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                               7.81

  Franklin. Peter Adams                                           2.00

  Georgetown. First Cong. Ch. and Soc.                           25.90

  Grafton. Evan. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                              28.78

  Grantville. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                                 11.26

  Greenfield. Jeanette Thompson                                   5.00

  Greenwich Village. Daniel Parker                                5.00

  Groton. Union Ch. and Soc., $83, and Sab. Sch., $17;
    Elizabeth Farnsworth, $20; “Mother and Daughter”
    (of which $5 ea. _for
    Chinese and Indian M._) $20                                 140.00

  Groveland. Mrs. M. A. R.                                        0.50

  Holyoke. Second Cong. Ch. and Soc.                             15.75

  Hyde Park. Mrs. H. W. Bidwell, to const. MRS. FISK P.
    BREWER, L. M                                                 30.00

  Jamaica Plain. “A Friend”                                       4.00

  Lee. Cong. Sab. Sch.                                           75.00

  Leominster. Orthodox Cong. Ch. and Soc.                        11.42

  Lowell. Mrs. A. S. C.                                           0.50

  Lynn. First Cong. Ch. and Soc.                                 13.00

  Mansfield. Orthodox Cong. Ch. and Soc.                         18.56

  Marblehead. J. J. H. Gregory, large package of flower and
    vegetable seeds, _for Talladega, Ala._, and box garden
    seeds, _for Tougaloo, Miss._

  Marlborough. T. B. P.                                           1.00

  Medway. J. D. Ellis                                           100.00

  Millbury. Second Cong. Ch. and Soc.                            24.00

  Montague. Cong. Soc. 6.85

  Newbury. First Cong. Ch. and Soc.                              24.51

  Newburyport. “Friends,” _for Student Aid, Talladega C._        10.00

  Newton Centre. Mrs. M. B. Furber’s Bible Class, _for
    Student Aid, Atlanta U._                                     50.00

  North Abington. “A Friend,” $15;--One and a half
    bbl. of C., _for Lady Missionary, Nashville, Tenn._          15.00

  North Adams. Rev. C. S. S.                                      1.00

  North Amherst. W. L. R.                                         1.00

  Northbridge Centre. Minnie A. Winter                            2.00

  North Brookfield. Miss Abby W. Johnson, _for Student Aid,
    Fisk U._                                                     25.00

  Norton. Trin. Cong. Ch. and Soc. ($30 of which from Mrs.
    E. B. Wheaton, to const. MARY A. CHAPIN, L. M.)              39.00

  Palmer. Second Cong. Ch.                                       10.84

  Paxton. Mrs. H. O. K. and Mrs. W. B. R., 50c. ea.               1.00

  Quincy. Miss Merrill’s Sab. Sch. Class, Cong. Ch.               2.00

  Reading. Bethesda Sab. Sch.                                    25.00

  Royalston. Ladies’ Benev. Soc., bbl. of C.,
    _for Savannah, Ga._

  Sandwich. Mrs. Eliza W. Wells, $5; Mrs. Robert
    Tobey, $5; Mrs. C. C. P. W., $1; Mrs. L. E. T., $1           12.00

  Saxonville. Cong. Ch. and Soc. (ad’l)                          $2.11

  Shrewsbury. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                                 25.00

  South Braintree. A. P. W.                                       1.00

  Southbridge. Miss S. R. L.                                      1.00

  South Framingham. G. M. Amsden                                  5.00

  South Hadley Falls. Cong. Ch. and Soc., $20; Fred A. Hayes,
    $3                                                           23.00

  South Natick. Cong. Ch. and Soc., bbl. of C.; Ladies’
    Benev. Soc. of Cong. Ch., bbl. of C.

  Spencer. Primary Dept. of Cong. Sab. Sch.                       7.30

  Springfield. Hope Cong. Ch., $13.22; Ira Merrill, $5           18.22

  Taunton. Union Ch. and Soc.                                    21.52

  Tewkesbury. “In Memory of Mary,” by F.                         10.00

  Ware. Cong. Sab. Sch., _for Le Moyne Sch., Memphis,
    Tenn._                                                       25.00

  Wareham. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                                    19.25

  Warren. Mrs. Jos. Ramsdell ($5 of which _for Chinese M._)       6.00

  Watertown. Ladies of Phillips Ch., bbl. of C., _for
    Memphis, Tenn._; Corban Soc., bbl. of C., _for
    Talladega, Ala._

  Webster. G. W. F.                                               1.00

  Westborough. Evan. Ch. and Soc. Mon. Con. Coll.                20.21

  West Dennis. S. S. C.                                           1.00

  Westfield. First Ch., (“A Friend”) $50; First Cong. Ch.
    and Soc. $18.74; S. F. S. B., $1                             69.74

  West Hawley. Cong. Ch.                                          5.00

  West Stockbridge. Village Cong. Ch.                            26.94

  Whitinsville. ESTATE of E. W. Fletcher, by Chas.
    P. Whitin, Ex.                                              100.00

  Williamsburg. Sab. Sch. of Cong. Ch.                           10.00

  Wilmington. Mrs. S. Bancroft                                    6.00

  Winchester. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                                122.18

  Worcester. ----$60 to const. G. HENRY WHITCOMB and
    MRS. ABBIE E. WHITCOMB, L. M’s; Rev. W. J. White,
    $1.50;--Mrs. John B. Gough, B. of C., and $1, _for
    freight, for Atlanta U._; T. W. T., $1                       90.50

RHODE ISLAND, $1.00.

  Newport. D. B. F.                                               1.00

CONNECTICUT, $4,215.83.

  Berlin. Second Cong. Ch.                                       20.00

  Birmingham. Cong. Ch., Coll. $24.76; Wm. E. Downs, $100       124.76

  Bridgeport. First Cong. Ch.                                    91.21

  Bristol. “A Friend”                                             4.00

  Chester. Cong. Ch. and Soc., $42.25; Hon. E. C.
    Hungerford, $30 to const. CORNELIA A. NORTON, L. M.          72.25


  East Hartford. First Cong. Church                              20.00

  East Windsor. First Cong. Ch. and Soc.                         20.00

  Enfield. First Cong. Sab. Sch. ($10 of which _for Butler
    school, Hampton, Va._)                                       13.00

  Fair Haven. Sab. Sch. of Cong. Ch., _for Student Aid,
    Fisk U._                                                     35.00

  Franklin. Cong. Ch.                                             7.00

  Georgetown. Cong. Ch.                                          10.00

  Guilford. “A Friend in Third Ch.”                               5.00

  Hanover. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                                    24.83

  Hartford. Benj. DeForest, $70, _for Student Aid,
    Talladega C._;--Mrs. John Olmsted, $15, _for Student
    Aid, Fisk U._                                                85.00

  Huntington. “A few Friends in Cong. Ch. and Soc.”               6.50

  Killingly. Miss E. F. Jencks                                    5.00

  Lebanon. ESTATE of Miss Betsy Metcalf, by Mary B.
    Van Tuyl                                                     50.00

  Marion. By Rev. L. F. B.                                        0.50

  Morris. H. W.                                                   0.50

  Milford. “J. M.,” for books, _for Fisk U._                     10.00

  Naugatuck. Cong. Ch.                                          100.00

  New Britain. First Ch. of Christ, $143.03;--South Ch. Sab.
    Sch., $50, _for Scholarship, Atlanta U._;--“Member So.
    Cong. Ch.,” (two donations $5 ea.) $10                      208.03

  New Haven. ESTATE of Rev. Wm. Patton, D. D., by
    Wm. L. Patton, Ex.                                          500.00

  New Haven. “A Friend,” $100; Dwight Place Cong. Ch. (of
    which from Dea. Nelson Hall, $40; Dr. R. Crane, $10) $75    175.00

  New London, “First Ch. of Christ”                             $50.42

  North Guilford. “A Friend,” $5; N. L. C., 50c.                  5.50

  North Haven. Cong. Ch.                                         56.12

  Norwich. Miss. Ass’n of Second Cong. Ch. Sab. Sch., _for
    Student Aid, Atlanta U._                                     50.00

  Plantsville. Cong. Ch., $243.35;--Mrs. E. P. Hotchkiss,
    $5, _for Student Aid, Atlanta U._                           248.35

  Simsbury. Rev. W. D. McF.                                       0.60

  Thomaston. Cong. Ch.                                           30.33

  Washington. Cong. Ch.                                          21.07

  Waterbury. First Cong. Ch., $141.41; “A Friend,”
    $30, to const. ISRAEL HOLMES, L. M.                         171.41

  Watertown. John DeForest, _for Student Aid, Talladega
    C._                                                         100.00

  Windham. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                                    14.10

  Woodbury. ESTATE of Fannie Minor, by C. J. Minor,
    Ex.                                                          62.50

  Woodbury. Benj. Fabrique                                       20.00

  Woodstock. Cong. Sab. Sch., to const. MISS ELLEN D.
    CHANDLER, L. M.                                              40.35

  ---- “A Friend”                                             1,747.50

  ---- “A Friend”                                                10.00

NEW YORK, $978.17.

  Albany. H. A. Homes, $2;--S. C., $1, _for repairs,
    Talladega C._                                                 3.00

  Astoria. C. N. S.                                               0.50

  Brooklyn. Central Cong. Sab. Sch., by Geo. H. Shirley,
    Chairman of Miss. Com., _for support of a Lady
    Missionary, Charleston, S. C._, and to const. MISS
    CARRIE A. PRATT, MRS. A. S. FOWLER, MRS. L. R. P.
    STOCKTON, MRS. E. D. GRISWOLD, FREDERICK P. LITCHFIELD,
    REV. JOHN L. SCUDDER, and WILLIAM C. HICKCOK, L. M’s        210.00

  Brooklyn. Chas. Wilbur, package Bibles; John H.
    Anderson, box papers.

  Binghamton. Chas. A. Beach                                     20.00

  Black Creek. Cong. Ch., $3; Miss M. T., $1                      4.00

  Chittenango. Rev. S. W., _for Church building,
    New Iberia, La._                                              1.00

  Clockville. C. K.  1.00

  Crown Point. ESTATE of Mrs. Tryphena Walker, by Rev.
    A. T. Clarke, to const. CALVIN W. HUESTIS and Dea. N.
    MADISON CLARKE, L. M’s                                       50.00

  Dansville. James H. Learned                                    10.00

  Deansville. Miss E. G.                                          1.00

  Franklin. Communion Set, by Rev. I. H. Frazer.

  Gilbertsville Academy. Rev. A. Wood, Principal                 15.00

  Gloversville. Cong. Soc. ($100 of which from Alanson
    Judson)                                                     114.00

  Greenwich. Proceeds of claim on Cong. Ch.                     150.00

  Hancock. Mrs. A. E. S.                                          1.00

  Honeoye. Cong. Ch.                                             31.60

  Ledyard. Cong. Ch., $27.60; R. H. Waldo, $2                    29.60

  Leeds. Miss I. E. S.                                            1.00

  Le Roy. Miss Delia A. Phillips, _for Woman’s Work for
    Women_                                                       25.00

  Little Valley. First Cong. Ch.                                  2.12

  Lockport. H. W. Nichols                                        20.00

  Moravia. First Cong. Ch. and Soc., (ad’l)                       1.00

  New Hamburgh. S H. S.                                           0.50

    New York. Ladies’ Association of Presb. Memorial Ch.,
    $105, _for a Teacher_;--Joseph S. Holt, ($10 of which
    _for Berea C._) $20;--By Rev. C. S. Robinson, 54 copies
    “Songs of Sanctuary;”--American Tract. Soc., Grant of
    Sunday School Papers, _for the Freedmen_                    125.00

  Oneida. S. H. Goodwin, $10; Edward Loomis, $2                  12.00

  Oswego. “Friends,” by Miss S. Williams, _for Girls’ Ind.
    Sch., Talladega C._                                           2.00

  Oxford. Asso. Presb. Ch. and Soc.                               6.97

  Parma. Mrs. Ezekiel Clark                                       5.00

  Paris Hill. Cong. Ch.                                          14.25

  Rochester. Mrs. A. E. Albright                                  5.00

  Sherburn. Chas. A. Fuller, $50, _for Student
    Aid, Fisk U._;--Cong. Ch. Sab. Sch., $34.63                  84.63

  Sinclairville. E. C. Preston, $1.50; Mrs. D. T. C., $1;
    B. W. F., $1; E. W., 50c.                                     4.00

  Syracuse. Sereno F. King $5.00

  Union Falls. Mrs. Fanny D. Duncan, Francis E. Duncan,
    and Margaret B. Duncan, $10 ea., to const. MRS. FANNY
    D. DUNCAN, L. M.                                             30.00

  Union Valley. Dr. J. Angel                                     10.00

  West Barre. L. S.                                               1.00

NEW JERSEY, $329.18.

  Bound Brook. Mrs. T. D. V.                                      1.00

  ---- “Heart’s Content”                                         50.00

  Jersey City. Sab. Sch. of Tab. Cong. Ch., _for Student Aid,
    Fisk U._                                                     20.00

  Newark. C. S. Haines                                           40.00

  Orange Valley. Cong. Ch.                                       68.28

  Sayreville. A. B. K.                                            0.50

  Somerville. Mrs. Nicolas Voorhees                               2.00

  Vineland. Proceeds of Land                                    147.40

PENNSYLVANIA, $15.00.

  Scranton. F. E. Nettleton                                      15.00

OHIO, $1,460.99.

  Castalia. Mrs. I. W. S.                                         1.00

  Claridon. “Cheerful Workers,” Cong. Sab. Sch.                  15.00

  Cleveland. ESTATE of Brewster Pelton, by J. G.
    Jennings, Ex.                                             1,118.75

    Cleveland. Sab. Sch. First Cong. Ch., $30; Miss Bettie
    Dutton’s Class, $10; Mrs. C. W. Ruggles’ Class, $10,
    _for Student Aid, Fisk U._--M. H. B., 50c.                   50.50

  Conneaut. Communion Set, by H. E. Pond.

  Delaware. N. W. Hodges                                          2.00

  Elyria. F. B. N.                                                0.50

  Fort Recovery. J. F. Collins                                    6.00

  Greenwich Station. Wm. M. Mead                                  5.00

  Kirtland. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                                    2.65

  Madison. Cong. Sab. Sch., _for Teacher, Selma, Ala._           20.50

  Mansfield. Sab. Sch. of Cong. Ch., _for Student Aid, Fisk U._  25.00

  Metamora. Mrs. M. S.                                            1.00

  Oberlin. First Cong. Ch.                                       40.62

  Parkman. J. S. H.                                               0.50

  Ravenna. S. H.                                                  1.00

  Rockport. Cong. Ch.                                             4.00

  Sandusky. First Cong. Ch., to const. MRS.
    E. ALVORD, ELISHA D. WARD, MISS SARAH E.
    CLARK, and JOHN M. FARRAR, L. M’s.                          121.32

  Saybrook. Sab. Sch. District No. 3, _for Student Aid,
    Tougaloo U._                                                 15.00

  Springfield. First Cong. and Soc.                               8.64

  Tallmadge. H. W. C.                                             0.51

  Wellington. A. H. A.                                            1.00

  West Williamsfield. Cong. Ch. and Soc.                         10.00

  Youngstown. Ladies’ Miss. Soc. of Welsh Cong. Ch., $10; J.
    C., 50c.                                                     10.50

MICHIGAN, $196.38.

  Adrian. C. C. Spooner                                           5.00

  Armada. Sab. Sch. of Cong. Ch., _for Student Aid, Fisk U._     11.50

  Benzonia. Mrs. L. A. B. C.                                      1.00

  Covert. Ladies’ Miss. Soc., _for Student Aid, Fisk U._         12.00

  Detroit. Sab. Sch. of First Cong. Ch. $50; Mrs. Z.
    Eddy, $5; Miss T. Hudson, $4; Mrs. L., $1, _for Lady
    Missionary, Memphis, Tenn._; Miss M. L. Miller, $5           65.00

  East Saginaw. Cong. Ch.                                        32.20

  Greenville. Mrs. R. L. Ellsworth, _for Student Aid,
    Fisk U., Tenn._                                               5.00

  Kalamo. Cong. Ch., $3.23; Evans District, $1.27; Mrs.
    S. E. B., 50c.                                                5.00

  Laingsburg. Cong. Ch.                                           6.00

  Menomonee. Rev. A. W. B.                                        0.50

  Milford. Mrs. M. O.                                             0.50

  New Baltimore. Cong. Sab. Sch.                                  4.18

  Olivet. “A Friend,” $10, _for Emerson Inst._, $5, _for
    Chinese in Cal._, $5, _for Indian M._, $5, _for Camp
    Nelson, Ky._; Cong. Ch. Mon. Con. Coll., $10.85              35.85

  Owosso. Sab. Sch. of Cong. Ch. _for Student Aid, Fisk
    U., Tenn._, $9.15; Mrs. A., $1                               10.15

  Port Huron. H. W. C.                                            1.00

  South Frankfort. O. B.                                         $0.50

  Union City. Mrs. E. J. H. and Mrs. D. B. W. 50c. ea.            1.00

INDIANA, $6.37.

  Dunreith. Mrs. L. M., 37c.; L. M., $1                           1.37

  New Corydon. George Stoltz                                      5.00

  South Bend. Oliver Plow Co., 3 plows, _for Talladega_.

ILLINOIS, $1,353.58.

  Aurora. First Cong. Ch.                                        13.87

  Bowensburg. ESTATE of Eliza B. Spencer, by Richard
    Eells, Ex.                                                   12.00

  Bowensburg. ESTATE of Eliza B. Spencer, $100, by
    Richard Eells, Ex., incorrectly ack. in March No.

  Byron. A. A. Johnson                                            5.00

  Chesterfield. Cong. Ch.       3.00

  Chicago. Union Park Cong. Ch., $334.27;--Union
    Park Cong. Sab. Sch., $50, _for Student Aid, Fisk
    U._;--Lincoln Park Ch., $30, to const. ALFRED GOUDY, L.
    M.;--Woman’s Miss. Soc., of Lincoln Park Ch., $20, _for
    Lady Missionary_;--Mrs. L. P. R., $1                        435.27

  Chicago. ESTATE of Mrs. E. H. Craven, by E.
    W. Blatchford, Adm’r, _for Student Aid, Fisk U._            250.00

  Dundee. Mrs. W. D.                                              1.00

  Elgin. Cong. Ch.                                               13.58

  Evanston. First Cong. Ch.                                      33.94

  Galesburg. Sab. Sch. of First Cong. Ch., $50; Mrs. S.
    R. Holmes, $5, _for Student Aid, Fisk U._, First Ch. of
    Christ, $30.05                                               85.05

  Galesburg. _Correction._--In March No., Cong. Ch. Sab.
    Sch., $50, _for Student Aid, Fisk U._, should read,
    “Ladies’ Benev. Soc. of First Ch. of Christ.”


  Geneseo. Cong. Ch., (ad’l) $45.13; Mrs. E. L. Atkinson,
    $5                                                           50.13

  Griggsville. Cong. Ch.                                         22.15

  Lisbon. Cong. Ch.                                              10.45

  Kewanee. _Correction._--In April No., Ladies of Cong.
    Ch., $57, should read, from Ladies of Cong. Ch., $37;
    La Moille, Cong. Ch., $20.


  Moline. John Deere, $100; Cong. Ch., $60                      160.00

  Oneida. Sab. Sch. of Cong. Ch., _for Student Aid, Fisk
    U._                                                           2.40

  Ontario. Cong. Ch.                                             21.55

  Ottawa. Sab. Sch. of Cong. Ch., _for Student Aid, Fisk
    U._                                                          15.00

  Peoria. Moses Pettengill, _for Student Aid, Fisk U._           15.00

  Polo. Bbl. of C., and $1.40, _for freight_, _for Nashville,
    Tenn._                                                        1.40

  Princeton. Sab. Sch. of Cong. Ch., _for Student Aid, Fisk
    U._                                                           6.75

  Rockford. Ladies’ Miss. Soc. of First Cong. Ch., $25;
    Ladies’ Miss. Soc. of Second Cong. Ch., $25; Miss. Soc.
    of Female Sem., $10, _for Student Aid, Fisk U._              60.00

  Streator. Mrs. Ralph Plumb, _for Student Aid, Fisk
    U._                                                          50.00

  Sycamore. Sab. Sch. of Cong. Ch., _for Student Aid, Fisk
    U._                                                          50.00

  Toulon. Cong. Ch.                                              11.00

  Waukegan. Rev. A. J. B.                                         0.60

  Winnetka. Cong. Ch.,$17.60, and Sab. Sch., $1.84               19.44

  York Neck. Mrs. Anna Reynolds                                   5.00

MISSOURI, $3.75.

  Laclede. Cong. Ch., $3.25; Rev. E. D. S., 50c., _for
    Mag._                                                         3.75

WISCONSIN, $129.59.

  Adamsville. Cong. Ch.                                           2.00

  Appleton. Miss Ann S. Kimball                                 100.00

  Eau Claire. Ladies’ Miss. Soc., _for Lady
    Missionary_                                                  21.65

  Kashkomong. Mrs. A. V. M.                                       0.50

  Milwaukee. “Friends,” box and bbl. C., _for Straight U._

  Pleasant Hill. Cong. Ch.                                        2.00

  Two Rivers. Cong. Ch.                                           2.44

  Windsor. H. H. S.                                               1.00

IOWA, $259.94.

  Burlington. M. L.                                              $1.00

  Cedar Rapids. T. M. Sinclair, _for repairs, Talladega
    C._                                                          50.00

  Chester Centre. Cong. Ch.                                      46.00

  Columbus City. Sarah E. Evans                                   2.00

  Dubuque. Bbl. of bedding.

  Floris. “Mary and Martha”                                       5.00

  Grinnell. Cong. Ch., $43.13; Sab. Sch. Class of boys, $2;
    L. B., 50c.                                                  45.63

  Marion. Cong. Ch., $63.31; Willing Workers, box of C., _for
    Straight U._                                                 63.31

  McGregor. Woman’s Miss. Soc., bbl. of C., _for Straight
    U._

  Postville. Rev. R. H. Robbins, _for repairs, Talladega
    C._                                                           2.00

  Tabor. “A Friend,” _for Student Aid, Tougaloo U._              10.00

  Winterset. Mrs. S. J. Dinsmore, $10; “Friends,” $25            35.00

KANSAS, $252.00.

  Leavenworth. Mrs. T. C.                                         1.00

  Olathe. ESTATE of Elvira Beckwick, by Watts
    Beckwith                                                    250.00

  Olathe. Rev. W. W. McM.                                         1.00

MINNESOTA, $92.57.

  Minneapolis. Rev. E. M. Williams, $50, _for Student
    Aid, Fisk U._;--Plymouth Ch., $28.57                         78.57

  Rushford. Cong. Ch.                                             3.00

  Saint Paul. C. S. Campbell                                     10.00

  Tivoli. L. H.                                                   1.00

NEBRASKA, $14.00.

  Indianola. Cong. Ch.                                           10.00

  Red Willow. Cong. Ch.                                           4.00

COLORADO, $1.00.

  Colorado Springs. Rev. E. N. B.                                 0.50

  Denver. J. L. P.                                                0.50

CALIFORNIA, $25.00.

  Oakland. Mrs. Nathaniel Gray                                   25.00

MARYLAND, $100.00.

  Baltimore. First Cong. Ch.                                    100.00

VIRGINIA, $28.40.

  Hampton. Normal Sch. Ch.                                       28.40

TENNESSEE, $272.75.

  Nashville. Fisk University, Tuition                            89.80

  Memphis. Le Moyne Sch.                                        182.95

NORTH CAROLINA, $120.24.

  McLeansville. Cong. Ch.                                         5.00

  Raleigh. Washington Sch., Tuition                              30.00

  Wilmington. Normal Sch., Tuition                               85.24

GEORGIA, $658.25.

  Atlanta. Storrs Sch., Tuition, $241.90; Rent, $3;
    Atlanta U., Tuition, $113; “A Friend,” $2.52                360.42

  Macon. Lewis High Sch., Tuition, 74.95; Rent, $8               82.95

  McIntosh. S. S.                                                 0.50

  Savannah. Beach Inst., Tuition, $107.75; Sales,
    $106.63                                                     214.38

ALABAMA, $624.80.

  Anniston. Cong. Ch., _for repairs, Talladega C._                8.15

  Marion. “Girls Sewing-Class,” _for Mendi Mission_              17.00

  Mobile. Emerson Inst., Tuition                                176.70

  Montevallo. Cornelius Cadle, Jr., _for rebuilding barn,
    Talladega C._                                                10.00

  Montgomery. Public School Fund                                175.00

  Selma. Rent, $100; Cong. Ch., $54.60                          154.60

  Talladega. Talladega C., Tuition, $74.85;--Eight
    individuals, $1 ea.; J. R. M., 50c., _for rebuilding
    barn_                                                        83.35

MISSISSIPPI, $87.00.

  Tougaloo. Tougaloo U., Tuition                                 87.00

LOUISIANA. $129.75.

  New Orleans. Straight University, Tuition                     129.75

INCOME FUND, $416.00.

  ---- Avery fund, _for Mendi M._                               246.00

  ---- General Fund                                              50.00

  ---- C. F. Dike Fund                                           50.00

  ---- Straight U. Scholarship Fund                              70.00

---- ----, $50.00.

  ---- Jubilee Singers, _for Dept. of Natural Science, Fisk
    U._                                                          50.00

SCOTLAND, $250.00.

  Glasgow. Mrs. Ann Morris McDowell, by Rev. Geo.
    Morris, _for a Teacher, Fisk U._                            200.00


  ---- “A. P.”                                                   50.00

                                                                ------

       Total,                                               $17,688.01

       Total from Oct. 1st to March 31st                    $86,611.92

       *       *       *       *       *

FOR SCHOOL BUILDING, ATHENS, ALA.

  Church’s Corners, Mich. First Cong. Ch.                        21.00

  Previously acknowledged in Feb. Receipts                      432.28

                                                                ------

        Total,                                                 $453.28

       *       *       *       *       *

FOR NEGRO REFUGEES.

  Somerset, Mass. Cong. Ch. Bbl. of C.

  Wilmington, Mass. Bbl. of C.

  South Norwalk, Conn. 2 Bbls. of C., by Mrs. C. M.
    Lawrence.

  Binghamton, N. Y. Chas. A. Beach                                5.00

  Brooklyn, N. Y. “A Friend”                                      5.00

  Penn Yan, N. Y. M. Hamlin                                     100.00

  “Heart’s Content,” N. J. Box of C.

  Savannah, Ohio. J. A. P. Patterson                              5.00

                                                                ------

       Total                                                   $115.00

  Previously acknowledged in Feb. Receipts.                     247.25

                                                                ------

        Total                                                  $362.25

       *       *       *       *       *

FOR TILLOTSON COLLEGIATE AND NORMAL INST., AUSTIN, TEXAS.

  East Hampton, Mass. Mrs. Emily G. Williston                   200.00

  Lowell. Mass. Mrs. E. M. Buss, $100; Judge Crosby, $25;
    Leonard Kimball, $25                                        150.00


  Hartford, Conn. C. C. Lyman                                   100.00

  New Haven, Conn. Amos Townsend                                 10.00

    New London, Conn. TRUST ESTATE of Henry P. Haven            500.00

  Waterbury, Conn. Chas Benedict                                400.00

  Morristown, N. J. Ella M. Graves                              100.00

  Salem, Ohio. David A. Allen                                    25.00

                                                                ------

        Total                                                $1,485.00

  Previously acknowledged in Feb. Receipts                    1,267.00

                                                                ------

        Total                                                $2,752.00

       *       *       *       *       *

        Receipts for March                                  $19,309.01

   Total from Oct. 1st to March 31st                        $93,228.21

                                                                ======

  H. W. HUBBARD, _Treas._,
  56 Reade St., N. Y.




Constitution of the American Missionary Association.

INCORPORATED JANUARY 30, 1849.

       *       *       *       *       *


ART. I. This Society shall be called “THE AMERICAN
MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION.”

ART. II. The object of this Association shall be to conduct
Christian missionary and educational operations, and diffuse a
knowledge of the Holy Scriptures in our own and other countries which
are destitute of them, or which present open and urgent fields of
effort.

ART. III. Any person of evangelical sentiments,[1] who
professes faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, who is not a slaveholder,
or in the practice of other immoralities, and who contributes to the
funds, may become a member of the Society; and by the payment of thirty
dollars, a life member; provided that children and others who have
not professed their faith may be constituted life members without the
privilege of voting.

ART. IV. This Society shall meet annually, in the month of
September, October or November, for the election of officers and the
transaction of other business, at such time and place as shall be
designated by the Executive Committee.

ART. V. The annual meeting shall be constituted of the regular
officers and members of the Society at the time of such meeting, and
of delegates from churches, local missionary societies, and other
co-operating bodies, each body being entitled to one representative.

ART. VI. The officers of the Society shall be a President,
Vice-Presidents, a Recording Secretary, Corresponding Secretaries,
Treasurer, two Auditors, and an Executive Committee of not less than
twelve, of which the Corresponding Secretaries shall be advisory, and
the Treasurer ex-officio, members.

ART. VII. To the Executive Committee shall belong the
collecting and disbursing of funds; the appointing, counselling,
sustaining and dismissing (for just and sufficient reasons)
missionaries and agents; the selection of missionary fields; and, in
general, the transaction of all such business as usually appertains to
the executive committees of missionary and other benevolent societies;
the Committee to exercise no ecclesiastical jurisdiction over the
missionaries; and its doings to be subject always to the revision of
the annual meeting, which shall, by a reference mutually chosen, always
entertain the complaints of any aggrieved agent or missionary; and the
decision of such reference shall be final.

The Executive Committee shall have authority to till all vacancies
occurring among the officers between the regular annual meetings;
to apply, if they see fit, to any State Legislature for acts of
incorporation; to fix the compensation, where any is given, of all
officers, agents, missionaries, or others in the employment of the
Society; to make provision, if any, for disabled missionaries, and
for the widows and children of such as are deceased; and to call, in
all parts of the country, at their discretion, special and general
conventions of the friends of missions, with a view to the diffusion of
the missionary spirit, and the general and vigorous promotion of the
missionary work.

Five members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum for transacting
business.

ART. VIII. This society, in collecting funds, in appointing
officers, agents and missionaries, and in selecting fields of labor,
and conducting the missionary work, will endeavor particularly to
discountenance slavery, by refusing to receive the known fruits of
unrequited labor, or to welcome to its employment those who hold their
fellow-beings as slaves.

ART. IX. Missionary bodies, churches or individuals agreeing
to the principles of this Society, and wishing to appoint and sustain
missionaries of their own, shall be entitled to do so through the
agency of the Executive Committee, on terms mutually agreed upon.

ART. X. No amendment shall be made to this Constitution
without the concurrence of two-thirds of the members present at a
regular annual meeting; nor unless the proposed amendment has been
submitted to a previous meeting, or to the Executive Committee in
season to be published by them (as it shall be their duty to do, if so
submitted) in the regular official notifications of the meeting.

[Footnote 1: By evangelical sentiments, we understand, among others, a
belief in the guilty and lost condition of all men without a Saviour;
the Supreme Deity, Incarnation and Atoning Sacrifice of Jesus Christ,
the only Saviour of the world; the necessity of regeneration by
the Holy Spirit, repentance, faith and holy obedience in order to
salvation; the immortality of the soul; and the retributions of the
judgment in the eternal punishment of the wicked, and salvation of the
righteous.]




The American Missionary Association.


AIM AND WORK.

To preach the Gospel to the poor. It originated in a sympathy with
the almost friendless slaves. Since Emancipation it has devoted its
main efforts to preparing the FREEDMEN for their duties as
citizens and Christians in America and as missionaries in Africa. As
closely related to this, it seeks to benefit the caste-persecuted
CHINESE in America, and to co-operate with the Government in
its humane and Christian policy towards the INDIANS. It has
also a mission in AFRICA.


STATISTICS.

CHURCHES: _In the South_--In Va., 1; N. C., 5; S. C., 2; Ga.,
13; Ky., 7; Tenn., 4; Ala., 14, La., 12; Miss., 1; Kansas, 2; Texas, 6.
_Africa_, 2. _Among the Indians_, 1. Total 70.

INSTITUTIONS FOUNDED, FOSTERED OR SUSTAINED IN THE
SOUTH.--_Chartered_: Hampton, Va.; Berea, Ky.; Talladega, Ala.,
Atlanta, Ga.; Nashville, Tenn.; Tougaloo, Miss.; New Orleans, La.; and
Austin, Texas, 8. _Graded or Normal Schools_: at Wilmington, Raleigh,
N. C.; Charleston, Greenwood, S. C.; Savannah, Macon, Atlanta, Ga.;
Montgomery, Mobile, Athens, Selma, Ala.; Memphis, Tenn., 12. _Other
Schools_, 24. Total 44.

TEACHERS, MISSIONARIES AND ASSISTANTS.--Among the Freedmen,
253; among the Chinese, 21; among the Indians, 9; in Africa, 13. Total,
296. STUDENTS--In Theology, 86; Law, 28; in College Course,
63; in other studies, 7,030. Total, 7,207. Scholars taught by former
pupils of our schools, estimated at 150,000. INDIANS under the
care of the Association, 13,000.


WANTS.

1. A steady INCREASE of regular income to keep pace with
the growing work. This increase can only be reached by _regular_ and
_larger_ contributions from the churches--the feeble as well as the
strong.

2. ADDITIONAL BUILDINGS for our higher educational
institutions, to accommodate the increasing numbers of students;
MEETING HOUSES for the new churches as we are organizing;
MORE MINISTERS, cultured and pious, for these churches.

3. HELP FOR YOUNG MEN, to be educated as ministers here and
missionaries to Africa--a pressing want.

Before sending boxes, always correspond with the nearest A. M. A.
office, as below:

  NEW YORK   H. W. Hubbard, Esq., 56 Reade Street.
  BOSTON     Rev. C. L. Woodworth, Room 21 Congregational House.
  CHICAGO    Rev. Jas. Powell, 112 West Washington Street.


MAGAZINE.

This Magazine will be sent, gratuitously, if desired, to the
Missionaries of the Association; to Life Members; to all clergymen who
take up collections for the Association; to Superintendents of Sabbath
Schools; to College Libraries; to Theological Seminaries; to Societies
of Inquiry on Missions; and to every donor who does not prefer to
take it as a subscriber, and contributes in a year not less than five
dollars.

Those who wish to remember the AMERICAN MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION
in their last Will and Testament, are earnestly requested to use the
following


FORM OF A BEQUEST.

“I BEQUEATH to my executor (or executors) the sum of ----
dollars in trust, to pay the same in ---- days after my decease to the
person who, when the same is payable, shall act as Treasurer of the
‘American Missionary Association’ of New York City, to be applied,
under the direction of the Executive Committee of the Association, to
its charitable uses and purposes.”

The will should be attested by three witnesses [in some States three
are required--in other States only two], who should write against
their names, their places of residence [if in cities, their street and
number]. The following form of attestation will answer for every State
in the Union: “Signed, sealed, published and declared by the said [A.
B.] as his last Will and Testament, in presence of us, who, at the
request of the said A. B., and in his presence, and in the presence of
each other, have hereunto subscribed our names as witnesses.” In some
States it is required that the Will should be made at least two months
before the death of the testator.

       *       *       *       *       *


  EDUCATE
  YOUR
  DAUGHTERS.

       *       *       *       *       *

Give them all the advantages offered by

WELLESLEY COLLEGE,

at a very moderate expense to residents, by purchasing one of four nice
Houses, for sale by

  C. B. DANA,
  Wellesley, Mass.

       *       *       *       *       *


“=FRUIT= OF THE =VINE=.”

=Pure=, Rich, Clear Unfermented Wine for =Communion=,
rec’d Centennial =MEDAL=. Circulars free. =T. H. JOHNSON, New
Brunswick, N. J.=, National Temperance Soc., 58 Reade St., N. Y.,
Cong’l and Bap. Publication Soc’s, Boston and elsewhere.

       *       *       *       *       *


J. B. WILLIAMS & CO.,

GLASTENBURY, CONN.,

MANUFACTURERS OF

Shaving and Toilet Soaps.

For over 30 years this firm has made the manufacture of =Shaving
Soaps= a specialty, and their Yankee Barber’s Bar, and other
Soaps, enjoy a reputation among Barbers, as well as those who shave
themselves, unequalled by any other.

To all of our readers who are seeking for the =very best Shaving
Soap=, we would say, be sure and get some of the following
(_carefully avoiding counterfeits_):

  GENUINE YANKEE SOAP,
  BARBER’S FAVORITE SOAP,
  CLIPPER SHAVING SOAP,
  VERBENA CREAM TABLET,
  POCKET SHAVING SOAP,
  TONSORIAL SOAP,
  BARBER’S BAR SOAP,
  MUG SHAVING SOAP.

These Soaps can be found in every State, and nearly every town in the
United States.

       *       *       *       *       *


Books, Stationery

AND ALBUMS.


    =1. Theology.=--Altogether the largest assortment in this
    country. Old and new books at low rates. Send for Catalogue.

    =2. Sunday-School Books= from all the Publishers,
    Congregational Society, Hoyt, Carter, Randolph, Dodd, Mead
    & Co., Sunday-School Union, and all the good books. A most
    extensive assortment. Send for Catalogue and particulars. Old
    Books taken in part pay.

    =3. Bibles= of great variety, large and small. Just
    received an importation from Europe. Elegant Teacher’s Bibles
    at half price.

    =4. Bibles and Other Books= sold only by subscription.
    Agents wanted. Send for particulars.

    =5. New Library, called “The Dime Diamond Library.”=
    Among the books are Bunyan’s Pilgrim’s Progress and Holy War,
    complete, 10 cents each; Children’s Annual, 60 engravings, 10
    cents; Dr. Buckley to Intelligent Inquirers after a New Life,
    10 cents:; and many others.

    =6.= Special attention given to Town and Private
    Libraries. Very cheap.

    =7. Homiletic Quarterly.=--This work is instructive and
    suggestive on every subject in the range of comment on the
    Bible, Sketches of Sermons, Illustrative Thoughts on Parables,
    Scripture Characters and Types, from such men as Canon
    Rawlinson, Fausset, Farrar, Geikie, and Dean Stanley. $2.00 per
    year, 50 cents a number.

    =8. Works on the Clark Plan.=--This is a plan to have the
    first subscribers get books for half the regular price; for
    example, we are publishing Fairbairn’s Typology; the Edinburgh
    price is $9.00, ours is $3.00; Beecher’s Star Sermons, old
    price $7.50, subscription price $3.00, 3 vols., large octavo.

  N. TIBBALS & SONS,
  37 Park Row,
  NEW YORK.

       *       *       *       *       *


A FOOL’S ERRAND.

By One of the Fools.

☞ _The most successful Novel for more than a quarter of a
century. A masterpiece._ ☞

“Holds the critic spellbound.... English literature contains no similar
picture.”--[International Review.

“Must be read by everybody who desires to be well informed.”--[Portland
Advertiser.

“A thrilling book indeed.”--[Cincinnati Commercial.

“The most powerful national and social study since ‘Uncle Tom’s
Cabin.’”--[Boston Courier.

“... Not matched in the whole range of modern fiction.”--[Boston
Traveller.

“Written in brains.”--[Rochester Rural Home.

“Selling by thousands every week.”--[N. Y. Tribune.

  ☞ _Cloth, $1. Sold everywhere, or mailed by_

  FORDS, HOWARD & HULBERT,
  27 Park Place, New York.

       *       *       *       *       *


PAYSON’S

Indelible Ink,

FOR MARKING ANY FABRIC WITH A COMMON PEN, WITHOUT A PREPARATION.

It still stands unrivaled after 50 years’ test.


_THE SIMPLEST & BEST._

Sales now greater than ever before.

This Ink received the Diploma and Medal at Centennial over all rivals.

Report of Judges: “For simplicity of application and indelibility.”


INQUIRE FOR

PAYSON’S COMBINATION!!!

Sold by all Druggists, Stationers and News Agents, and by many Fancy
Goods and Furnishing Houses.

       *       *       *       *       *


BUY THE BEST GOODS

BOGLE & LYLES,

  Nos. 87 & 89 Park Place      NEW YORK,

  Dealers in
  CHOICE CANNED FRUITS
  VEGETABLES, POTTED MEATS, ETC.,
  Sole Agents for
  RICHARDSON & ROBBINS’
  Extra Yellow Peaches.

       *       *       *       *       *


  CHEAPEST BOOKSTORE
  IN THE WORLD!

       *       *       *       *       *

=175,672 NEW and OLD Standard WORKS in Every Department of
Literature.= Almost given away. Catalogue of General Literature and
Fiction free. Immense Inducements to Book Clubs and Libraries.

LEGGAT BROS.

3 Beekman St., opp, Post Office, New York.

       *       *       *       *       *


BROWN BROTHERS & CO.

59 WALL STREET,

NEW YORK.

=Buy and Sell Bills of Exchange= on Great Britain and Ireland,
France, Germany, Belgium and Holland. =Issue Commercial and
Travelers’ Credits, in Sterling=, available in any part of the
world, and in =Francs= for use in Martinique and Guadaloupe.

Make Telegraphic Transfers of Money

Between this and other countries, through London and Paris.

=Make Collection of Drafts drawn abroad= on all parts of the
United States and Canada, and of =Drafts drawn in the United
States= on Foreign Countries.

=Travelers’ Credits= issued either against cash deposited or
satisfactory guarantee of repayment: In Dollars for use in the United
States and adjacent countries; or in Pounds Sterling for use in any
part of the world. Applications for credits may be addressed as above
direct, or through any first-class Bank or Banker.


  BROWN, SHIPLEY & CO.,
  26 Chapel St., Liverpool.

  BROWN, SHIPLEY & CO.,
  Founder’s Court, Lothbury. London.

       *       *       *       *       *


[Illustration]

_J. & R. LAMB,_ _59 Carmine St., N. Y._ _CHURCH FURNISHERS_

  Memorial Windows, Memorial Tablets,
  Sterling Silver Communion Services.
  SEND FOR CIRCULAR.

       *       *       *       *       *


Every Man His Own Printer.

[Illustration]

Excelsior =$3= Printing Press.

Prints cards, labels, envelopes, &c.; larger sizes for larger work. For
business or pleasure, young or old. Catalogue of Presses, Type, Cards,
&c., sent for two stamps.

KELSEY & CO., M’frs., Meriden, Conn.

       *       *       *       *       *

  MARVIN’S
  FIRE & BURGLAR
  SAFES
  COUNTER
  PLATFORM
  WAGON &
  TRACK
  SCALES
  _MARVIN SAFE & SCALE CO.
  265 BROADWAY, N. Y.
  627 CHESTNUT ST., PHILA._

       *       *       *       *       *


  _1850._      _1880._

  THE
  MANHATTAN
  LIFE
  _Insurance Company_,
  OF
  NEW YORK.

An entire generation of successful business management.

_One Thousand Dollars paid out_ EACH BUSINESS DAY _for thirty
years to families of deceased members_.

Policies Incontestable.

  Accumulation,        $10,000,000
  Surplus, over          1,750,000


SEND FOR RATES AND TERMS.

_New form of Policy, comprehensive and very liberal to insurers._

  AGENTS WANTED.
  HENRY STOKES, President.
  J. L. HALSEY, Secretary.

       *       *       *       *       *


GET THE BEST.

The “OXFORD”

[Illustration]

TEACHERS’ BIBLES

IN SEVEN DIFFERENT SIZES,

At prices to suit everybody.

Apply to your Bookseller for Lists, or write to

  THOS. NELSON & SONS,
  42 Bleecker Street, New York.

       *       *       *       *       *


CLINTON H. MENEELY BELL COMPANY,

Successors to Meneely & Kimberly,

BELL FOUNDERS, TROY, N. Y.

  Manufacture a superior quality of BELLS.
  Special attention given to =CHURCH BELLS=.
  ☞ Catalogues sent free to parties needing bells.

       *       *       *       *       *


THE THIRTY-FOURTH VOLUME

OF THE

American Missionary,

1880.


We have been gratified with the constant tokens of the increasing
appreciation of the MISSIONARY during the past year, and
purpose to spare no effort to make its pages of still greater value to
those interested in the work which it records.

Shall we not have a largely increased subscription list for 1880?

A little effort on the part of our friends, when making their own
remittances, to induce their neighbors to unite in forming Clubs, will
easily double our list, and thus widen the influence of our Magazine,
and aid in the enlargement of our work.

Under the editorial supervision of Rev. C. C. PAINTER, aided
by the steady contributions of our intelligent Missionaries and
teachers in all parts of the field, and with occasional communications
from careful observers and thinkers elsewhere, the AMERICAN
MISSIONARY furnishes a vivid and reliable picture of the work
going forward among the Indians, the Chinamen on the Pacific Coast, and
the Freedmen as citizens in the South and as Missionaries in Africa.

It will be the vehicle of important views on all matters affecting the
races among which it labors, and will give monthly summary of current
events relating to their welfare and progress.

Patriots and Christians interested in the education and Christianizing
of these despised races are asked to read it, and assist in its
circulation. Begin with the next number and the new year. The price is
only Fifty Cents per annum.

The Magazine will be sent gratuitously, if preferred, to the persons
indicated on page 158.

Donations and subscriptions should be sent to

  H. W. HUBBARD, Treasurer,
  56 Reade Street, New York.

       *       *       *       *       *


TO ADVERTISERS.

Special attention is invited to the advertising department of the
AMERICAN MISSIONARY. Among its regular readers are thousands
of Ministers of the Gospel, Presidents, Professors and Teachers in
Colleges, Theological Seminaries and Schools; it is, therefore,
a specially valuable medium for advertising Books, Periodicals,
Newspapers, Maps, Charts, Institutions of Learning, Church Furniture,
Bells, Household Goods, &c.

Advertisers are requested to note the moderate price charged for space
in its columns, considering the extent and character of its circulation.

Advertisements must be received by the TENTH of the month, in
order to secure insertion in the following number. All communications
in relation to advertising should be addressed to

  THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY ADVERTISING DEPARTMENT,
  56 Reade Street, New York.

       *       *       *       *       *

☞ Our friends who are interested in the Advertising Department of
the “American Missionary” can aid us in this respect by mentioning,
when ordering goods, that they saw them advertised in our Magazine.


DAVID H. GILDERSLEEVE, Printer, 101 Chambers Street, New York.


[Transcriber’s Note:

Inconsistent spelling and hyphenation are as in the original.]





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of American Missionary, Vol. XXXIV., No.
5, May 1880, by Various

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK AMERICAN MISSIONARY ***

***** This file should be named 54981-0.txt or 54981-0.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/5/4/9/8/54981/

Produced by Joshua Hutchinson, KarenD, Wayne Hammond and
the Online Distributed Proofreading Team at
http://www.pgdp.net (This file was produced from images
generously made available by Cornell University Digital
Collections)


Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
